Chapter 245 Corporeal Stage
Once the scarlet pill entered Zhu Yue’s stomach, a surge of heat exploded from within it, like magma as it frantically flowed through his channels.
This pill was known as the Level Breaker Pill, and was said to have the effect of temporarily raising the power of one’s Genesis techniques. There were some negative repercussions however, though the current Zhu Yue clearly could not be bothered by such things to achieve victory.
He knew that he would likely lose all face if he lost to Zhou Yuan here.
Therefore, he absolutely could not lose.
Scarlet-red surfaced in Zhu Yue’s eyes as an evil look flashed within them. In the next instant, his speed abruptly soared, a flash of red faintly visible in the mists swirling around his body.
In a short few breaths, he had widened the lead once again.
With the Level Breaker Pill, Zhu Yua’s speed was now comparable to the Ethereal Form technique with over 60 apertures unblocked...
*Uproar*
An uproar once again swept through the surroundings of the green mountain, everyone stunned by Zhu Yue’s sudden explosion of speed. No one had expected him to have concealed his abilities so deeply.
“It’s truly hopeless now…” The crowd shook their heads. Zhu Yue’s explosion of speed this time was just too frightening. His figure had practically become mist, the sky full of astral wind knives unable to stop him for even a split second.
This level of mastery was already fast approaching the second level.
Han Qiushui’s mouth hung wide open as she involuntarily muttered, “Has Zhu Yue’s mastery already reached such heights?”
Gu Hongyi frowned deeply, somewhat uncertain. Although she had felt that Zhu Yue was hiding his abilities, had he really hidden them to such an extent? The current level of Zhu Yue’s Ethereal Form was already very close to the second level.
The situation did indeed look extremely bad for Zhou Yuan.
“Why does it suddenly seem as if Zhu Yue is on steroids!” Yelled Shen Wanjin, his eyes filled with worry. Just as Zhou Yuan had been about to surpass Zhu Yue, the latter suddenly released another burst of speed.
Moreover, the sharp acceleration this time was basically despairing.
Qiao Xiu sighed regretfully. “It has not been easy for Junior brother Zhou Yuan to reach this level. He’s only spent so much time on the Ethereal Form technique after all. If he had more time, reaching the second level would have been just around the corner.”
Nearby, Yaoyao’s eyebrows also knitted together slightly when she saw this scene.
On the tree, elder Zong Ming’s indifferent gaze merely swept of Zhu Yue as a bright light fitted past the depths of his eyes, clearly detecting something. His hand began to rise, and just as he was intending to speak, he suddenly let out a soft cry of surprise.
His gaze was currently looking towards Zhou Yuan, who had now been left far behind, as a look of interest appeared in his eyes.
It this very moment, he could sense that the Genesis Qi in Zhou Yuan’s body had begun to ripple violently.
Evidently, Zhou Yuan did not intend to give up just because Zhu Yue had suddenly rocketed ahead.
On the mountain, Zhou Yuan’s figure was akin to lightning. No panic appeared on his face as he gazed at the figure to his front that was rapidly pulling ahead. Instead, he took in a deep breath of cold air.
The swelling pain from the Spirit between his brows was growing more and more intense.
It was an indication that the Spirit was about to ascend from the perfect Illusory stage to the Corporeal stage.
The truth was that he had felt his Spirit was on the verge of a breakthrough during these past few days. For the sake of stability however, he had slightly suppressed it. And now was finally the time for it to be released.
His Spirit sat between his brows with the Saint Spirit Crystal revolving above it. Holy light spread from the crystal that continuously tempered the Spirit.
At this current time, the Spirit’s illusory figure was gradually becoming corporeal, looking almost as if it was solid matter. In addition, Zhou Yuan’s Spirit power was rising at an alarming speed.
Invisible Spirit power shuddered around Zhou Yuan’s body, seemingly whipping up a storm.
In that very instant, Zhou Yuan suddenly felt his senses grow even sharper, all things around him appearing even clearer than before, while also allowing him to better see their source.
Even the mist wrapped Zhu Yue to his front was now within the range of his senses.
Zhou Yuan could feel a tiny flash of scarlet-red light in the mists surrounding Zhu Yue, faintly pulsing in a berserk manner.
“So that’s what happened…”
Iciness flooded Zhou Yuan’s eyes. Zhu Yue’s sudden burst in speed was likely due to some kind of pill that had forcibly strengthened the Ethereal Form technique.
“Is this the Corporeal stage…”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes were clear and calm, but this was not the time for him to discover the wonders of the Corporeal stage. With a thought, the Saint Rune between his brows flowed down into his pupils.
“Decoder Saint Rune!”
A low shout sounded in Zhou Yuan’s heart as the ancient Saint Rune slowly began to revolve in the depths of his pupils. A peculiar power abruptly erupted, immediately giving him a clear view of his entire body.
After reaching the Corporeal stage, the activated Decoder Saint Rune had grown even more detailed and effective.
Under the probing of the Decoder Saint Rune, Zhou Yuan could faintly see dot after dot of light suddenly begin to emerge...
There were a total of 14 light dots.
Currently, 58 apertures had already been unblocked in Zhou Yuan’s body. If these 14 were added, it just nicely added up to 72...
72 unblocked apertures meant that one had truly stepped into the second level of the Ethereal Form technique.
“Although it would be safer to unblock them one by one, it seems that I have no choice but to do them all at one go.” Mumbled Zhou Yuan to himself.
The Genesis Qi in his body began to churn violently, eventually whizzing through his channels as it charged towards the 14 apertures in succession.
Ch! Ch!
Apertures were easily unblocked wherever his Genesis Qi passed.
All 14 apertures were threaded together by Genesis Qi in a short few breaths.
72 apertures were now completely unblocked.
Although the 14 new apertures had yet to be polished and infused with mist essence, Zhou Yuan’s Ethereal Form technique had now just barely reached the second level.
And this was already enough.
Zhou Yuan raised his gaze, looking towards the figure that was zooming towards the peak, as a certain angle slowly rose from the corners of his mouth.
“Zhu Yue, I’ll show you what the true second level looks like!”
With a stomp of his foot, the space around him shook.
Countless gazes in the vicinity of the mountain looked over in shock and astonishment. Zhou Yuan’s body was gradually etherealizing, seemingly transforming into a figure made from mist.
At a cursory glance, one would only be able to see a blurry silhouette.
A storm of noise immediately exploded.
“What? Zhou Yuan’s entire body has etherealized?!”
“How can that be?! One needs to be at the second level to achieve that state!”
“Although it’s quite impossible, the facts are staring right at us…”
“My god…”
“......”
Overwhelmed voices sounded one after another, everyone completely stupefied as they gazed upon the fully mist like figure.
Han Qiushui had covered her mouth with her hands, shock coloring her entire face. Beside her, Gu Hongyi’s eyes flickered with a resplendent light as emotions surged in her heart.
“Little Yuan bro is awesome.” Uttered a dazed Shen Wanjin.
Qiao Xiu also swallowed time and time again.
“This guy…” Yang Xiu’s expression had turned rather serious.
Next to him, although Lu Feng did not say anything, his eyes had narrowed slightly. The current Zhou Yuan gave him a faint feeling of danger.
Under the countless shocked gazes across the area, Zhou Yuan’s body fully etherealized. His toes pushed off the ground as he transformed into a blurry figure that shot forward at an astonishing speed!

