Chapter 169 Wu Huang’s Killing Intent
In a devastated forest.
Zhou Yuan involuntarily frowned at the sight of two individuals who had walked out from the fog, Wu Huang and the youth in black robes.
“You’ve teamed up with the Dongxuan people?”
Wu Huang indifferently replied, “Short-sighted. The future me will not be limited to a mere continent. Why should my Cangmang Continent identity restrict me?”
“How shameless.” Luluo sneered.
“You colluded with these Dongxuan people to gang up on Yaoyao. You truly are the worst.”
Wu Huang shook his head, his voice unchanged as he said, “The only truth is that the victor is right, and the process is of little importance. Since there was a stumbling block in my way, I will naturally have to remove it.”
Zhou Yuan swept a gaze towards him. “It’s a pity that you even threw away your face, but were still unable to achieve your goal.”
Wu Huang’s expression finally turned slightly rigid, his gaze somewhat frosty as he stared at Zhou Yuan and said, “Finding you here is an unexpected but pleasant surprise. I heard that you are on pretty good terms with Zhou Xiaoyao, am I right? If you are caught and used as bait, do you think that he will still choose to come even though it’s clearly a trap?”
Boom!
Wu Huang was swift and decisive, powerful Genesis Qi exploding from his body like a storm at his final word. His Genesis Qi was akin to a scorching sun, shining brilliantly with awe-inspiring power.
Swish!
He was extremely quick, appearing in front of Zhou Yuan in a single step.
The tip of Zhou Yuan’s foot also pushed off the ground as his figure rapidly retreated.
However, Wu Huang was like a shadow, sticking close to Zhou Yuan no matter how hard the latter tried to escape. Indifference was the only thing on the latter’s face as a punch was sent flying.
Scarlet-red light blossomed, appearing below the fist like a dazzling sun. The punch caused the surrounding space to ripple slightly, while the air around turned blazing hot.
Wu Huang displayed extreme power, power that was even more domineering and unreasonable than Zhu Ying’s.
Zhou Yuan’s pupils tightened slightly as the punch whizzed towards him. There was no hesitation whatsoever as Genesis Qi surged within his body, causing golden Magical Python Scales to emerge on his fist.
“Magical Python Scales!”
“Grade 3 Genesis Rune, Black Gold Hand Rune!”
Zhou Yuan also sent out a punch, a black glow sweeping across the golden scales, giving it a blackish gold luster that seemed impenetrable.
Boom!
The two fists slammed into each other, cold cruelness flitting across Wu Huang’s eyes as he said in a chilling voice, “Do you believe that you will possess the qualifications to face me head-on because you reached the Heaven Gate stage? Naive!”
The dazzling sun below his fist seemed to explode at this moment, transforming into a frightening force that spectacularly swept towards Zhou Yuan.
Dong!
Zhou Yuan’s body jerked backwards, his feet smearing long lines on the ground as he was pushed back.
Swish!
However, the moment he was blown backwards, Zhou Yuan’s sleeve shook as a flash of green and black shot out. Its speed was akin lightning, swiftly appearing in front of Wu Huang.
It was a green black lightning ball that was several feet wide. Lightning and wind rapidly swirled within it, while the faint sounds of rumbling thunder and howling wind could be heard.
Berserk energies spread from the ball.
Wu Huang’s pupils shrank slightly.
“Great Wind and Thunder.”
An almost inaudible voice was gently spat out from Zhou Yuan’s mouth.
Boom!
Wind and lightning exploded. Even though Wu Huang immediately used his Genesis Qi to shield himself, he was still blasted till his shield shook violently as he staggered a dozen steps back.
His sleeve had been burnt and shredded, his blood churning slightly. Although he was not injured, his expression had become exceptionally stormy.
Because this was the first time he had been beaten back by Zhou Yuan.
This was simply unacceptable to him. The one who was once an ant in his eyes had unknowingly gained the power to shake him.
Intense killing intent flashed in Wu Huang’s eyes. He could feel that Zhou Yuan growing far too fast. Before they had entered the Saint Remains Domain, a single punch from the former could heavily injure and even kill the latter.
And yet, he had sent out the same punch just moments earlier, but the only thing it had achieved was forcing Zhou Yuan back.
In fact, the latter had even found an interval to counter attack, catching him unprepared.
If this continued, it would not be long before the once ant like existence grew strong enough to face him directly.
The thought of such a scene made killing intent practically spew from Wu Huang’s eyes.
He could not imagine it, because it would finally touch the forbidden fear in the deepest recesses of his heart.
Almost material killing intent surged around Wu Huang’s body, sweeping up the surrounding lives. It was as if the temperature had suddenly dropped.
However, Zhou Yuan paid no heed to Wu Huang’s killing intent. His rapidly retreating figure did not stop even for a second, while he made a sign to Luluo with the hand behind his back.
The current situation was too unfavorable to them. Zhu Ying was still watching from the side, and there was an even more dangerous youth in black. The danger he felt from the latter was not any less than from Wu Huang.
In addition, his Spirit senses had already detected that the Genesis Qi was faintly beginning to gather around the youth in black.
EE!
Little Frost was finally freed by Luluo. It immediately shook its wings, transforming into a flash of icy light that swept up both Zhou Yuan and Luluo, before shooting into the fog without any hesitation.
Meanwhile, the youth in black robes called Ye Ming had just stealthily lifted his hand only to be stunned. He could only watch as the two humans and beast were cast into the fog, disappearing from sight.
Ye Ming said in amazement, “What a sharp kid.”
Zhou Yuan had clearly realised the moment Ye Ming showed signs of secretly preparing to make his move. Thus, the former decisively chose to withdraw, and even into the fog. As such, they would also have to enter the fog if they chose to chase.
Wu Huang’s expression was ominously dark. It felt as if he had been played.
Just how many times had Zhou Yuan safely escaped from his hands?
Ye Ming remarked, “This foe of yours is no simple individual. He is clearly only at the initial Heaven Gate stage, but even Zhu Ying was forced to admit defeat.”
Wu Huang was expressionless as he looked towards Ye Ming. “Are we chasing? Zhou Xiaoyao will surely voluntarily seek us out if he is captured.”
Ye Ming chuckled. “If he truly is so magnetic, it will save us some effort.”
“We’ll chase then. Although Zhou Yuan is quick-witted and chose to hide in the fog. He does not know that the fog no hindrance in my eyes.” Ye Ming grinned a little.
A strange light surfaced in his pitch-black pupils as a tear of blood dripped from the corner of his eyes. The world before him began to change, the layers of mist receding as the figures of two humans and a beast brightened in his sights.
“That way. Let’s go.” Ye Ming’s finger stretched out and pointed in a certain direction.
Wu Huang was the first to rocket forward, his figure quick as lightning as he gave chase, while icy murder surged in his eyes.
“Zhou Yuan, you will not escape this time!”
“I will no longer give you any opportunity to grow. That’s why, this place will be your grave!”

