Chapter 406 Cheating
When Zhou Yuan and Su Duan decided on their wager, the rock gambling area immediately became the most popular spot in the entire fair, as even more figures started surging over.
Anyone could see that it was the most classic cliché of fighting over a beauty, but the identities of the two main actors, however, generated a great deal of interest.
One was a disciple of the Cangxuan Sect, while the other was the junior sect master of the FLame Cauldron Sect.
The Cangxuan Sect was an untouchable existence that was well-known throughout the vast Cangxuan Heaven. On the other side, although the Flame Cauldron Sect could not match up to the Cangxuan Sect, Su Duan was its junior sect master, a prominent individual of high standing.
A clash between these two individuals was going to be rather interesting indeed.
Thus, more and more people began to crowd over, turning this area into the most prominent place in the fair.
...
While the love rivalry was intensifying, several gazes looked down from the second floor of the fair area.
The second floor was not as noisy as the crowded ground floor, appearing rather peaceful in comparison. Those who were allowed here were no ordinary individuals after all.
Li Qingchan, Zhao Zhu, Feng Ying from the Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace and the others were currently located in this area.
There were also a few figures opposite Li Qingchan and gang, which was clearly led by two individuals. These two also looked quite young, but gave off a certain presence that showed that they were not simple at all.
Even Li Qingchan felt a little wariness when she looked at the two.
Because these two were the two Chosens dispatched by the Sacred Palace.
Wang Chi and Cao Jinzhu.
Wang Chi was the man wearing red clothes, whose features appeared slightly feminine. A smile hung from the corners of his mouth, but his gaze appeared exceedingly sharp. Two red metal balls sat in his hand, giving off a dreadful heat that could melt metal and stone, but he seemed completely unaffected as he casually grasped them in his hand.
Cao Jinzhu on the other hand, had a strong and muscular body that looked akin to a metal tower. His eyes held a feral beast like ferocity which would make your hair stand on end.
Beside them was Yang Xuan, whom they had met earlier in the day, still wearing a faint smile on his face.
On the other side was another group of figures led by a wiry young man. Though he wasn’t an eye-catching individual, those familiar with him knew the astonishing battle power contained within that thin body of his.
He was the Chosen sent by the North Sea Dragon Subduing Hall, and was likewise overwhelmingly strong.
Gathered on the tiny second floor of the fair were the Chosens from the four titan sects. The quality of the disciples here was undoubtedly high.
These four groups were also clearly separated, each party guarded against everyone else. As such, the atmosphere was naturally not very friendly.
It was under this hostile atmosphere that everyone sensed the commotion below, as gaze after gaze was cast downwards.
Feng Ying was the first to chuckle softly as she said, “Hehe, Qingchan, that little junior brother if your Cangxuan Sect is such a hot-blooded man, is he going to gamble flame rocks with the Flame Cauldron Sect’s Su Duan for Qingyu?”
Li Qginchan had naturally also caught sight of Zhou Yuan’s figure, causing her to be a little taken aback.
In contrast, Zhao Zhu frowned as he said in a disapproving manner, “What a trouble maker. It’s fine if he disgraces himself, but he’d better not bring shame to our Cangxuan Sect.”
As he spoke, he beckoned towards Qin Hai with the intent of sending him down to pull Zhou Yuan out.
Li Qingchan indifferently said, “Junior brother Zhao Zhu, this is his own affair, there shouldn’t be a need for you to be such a busybody, right?”
Zhao Zhu’s eyes lowered slightly as he replied, “Senior sister Qingchan, the biggest business owned by the Flame Cauldron Sect is this flame rock gambling, and Su Duan can be said to be an expert in this field. It is clear to everyone that he is egging Zhou Yuan on to humiliate him in front of a certain someone.”
“And yet, Zhou Yuan appears to be an ignorant fool. Does he believe that everyone will gave way to him just because he’s a disciple of the Cangxuan Sect?”
Li Qingchan calmly said, “That is his choice, and the only one he shames will be himself. The dignity of the Cangxuan Sect will never be at stake in such an insignificant affair.”
Zhao Zhu was somewhat speechless. In the end, he could only let out an icy snort, before he said, “Then we’ll just watch and see how it turns out.”
Beside Li Qingchan, Bai Li also looked down and said in a low voice, “But this kid does seem to be quite a womanizer. We’ve just barely arrived, and he’s already become so intimate with her.”
It was obvious that she was also quite dissatisfied with Zhou Yuan. Since he was here for a freebie Heaven Credit, he should at least act as if he was working hard. And yet, he had ended up getting into some kind of love rivalry because of a Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace disciple.
“I should tell you now that if he ends up doing poorly in the mission, I will report only the truth to the elder when we return. When that time comes, even you will not be able to influence anything.”
Li Qingchan did not reply to Bai Li’s words, merely letting out a soft sigh inside. Her clear eyes swept towards Zhou Yuan below, as a look of disappointment flitted across them.
Perhaps it was indeed a mistake to have fought so strongly to bring him along for this mission.
In her eyes, Zhou Yuan’s actions and attitude were his petty revenge against how elder Wu had treated him.
...
Down below, Zhou Yuan was naturally unaware of the attention from the second floor. He was unable to stop a smile from appearing on his lips when he saw Su Duan wager his ancient wood bracelet.
“So how does brother Su want to play this?” Zhou Yuan’s voice seemed to become much warmer and friendlier at this moment.
Su Duan grinned as he stared at Zhou Yuan, before pointing towards the rock gambling area. “We’ll follow the usual rules. Each of us will go forth and select five rocks, before opening them in front of the crowd. Whoever gets the older essence flames will be the winner. How does that sound?”
He paused for a moment, turning towards Zuoqiu Qingyu and displayed an elegant smile, before he said, “Never mind, others will say I’m bullying you if we do this. How about I select five flame rocks, while you can do ten.”
Zhou Yuan chuckled, and was just about to say there was no need.
However, Su Duan was already waving his hand, indicating there was no room for discussion. “That’s settled then.”
A playful smile adorned Su Duan’s face. He wanted to achieve an indisputable victory, and give Zhou Yuan no way to refute it. At the same time, Su Duan also wanted to taste the feeling of crushing a Cangxuan Sect disciple under his feet.
Though he was the junior sect master of the Flame Cauldron Sect, he was no spoiled pushover. He was a veteran of flame rock gambling with abundant experience that did not lose to any master of the art. As such, the thought of a loss never once appeared in his mind.
The numerous local geniuses of the Black Flame Province around Su Duan began to cheer due to the magnaminty he was showing.
They obviously wanted Zhou Yuan to be thoroughly humiliated in front of Zuoqiu Qingyu such that he would fall completely out of her favor.
Zhou Yuan chuckled helplessly as he gazed at the seemingly dashing Su Duan. In the end, he nodded and said, “Since brother Su is so generous, I naturally have no objections.”
Su Duan grinned slightly. Without further ado, he took the lead and stepped into the rock gambling area as he gazed began to sweep across the countless pitch-black rocks.
Zhou Yuan merely smiled as he gazed at his opponent’s confident figure.
No one knew that the Saint Rune in his pupils had already secretly activated, red light beginning to rise one after another within each flame rock in the gambling area.
Just as he had expected, the flame rocks may be able to block other senses, but they were powerless before the Decoder Saint Rune.
The flame rocks now clearly appeared in his eyes as burning flames of varying sizes...
In the face of such a situation, Zhou Yuan could only sigh softly.
Even if you’re an expert with as much experience as a grandmaster...
You'll never be able to match my cheating...

