Chapter 165 Dongxuan Attacks
In the empty space within the forest, Zhou Yuan was wide-eyed as he stared at Luluo. He was truly unable to understand where she found such courage. She clearly knew that there was a mysterious Genesis Beast guarding the golden pool, but she still dared to have designs on it.
Being stared at by Zhou Yuan made Luluo feel a little guilty. “Although the Genesis Beast leader won’t be weak, as the saying goes, enough ants can bite an elephant to death. With so many geniuses now gathered here, what’s there to be afraid of?”
Zhou Yuan rolled his eyes at here. It was true that there were many geniuses, but there were even more Genesis Beats in the mountains with no lack of grade 4 amongst them.
Luluo’s eyes were watery as she pitifully begged, “Help me please, Little Frost really needs the golden pool.”
Zhou Yuan shot a glance at the clearly acting Luluo and fell into thought for a brief moment, before he said, “It’s not that we can’t give it a try, but if I find that the Genesis Beast leader is too strong, we can only choose to withdraw.”
If the mysterious Genesis Beast reached grade 5, there would be no chance at all, because only a Divine Dwelling expert would be able to match it.
Luluo immediately nodded upon seeing that Zhou Yuan’s tone had loosened.
“Do you have a plan?” Asked Zhou Yuan.
“This mountain range is covered in a fog that will distort one’s senses, but after being scouted by numerous individuals, some paths to the golden pool were found.”
“However, these paths are guarded by Genesis Beasts. Those below grade 4 are not a problem, but there will be grade 4 Genesis Beasts nearer to the pool. It was there that I was stopped before.” Explained Luluo.
“If the two of us work together, it should be easy to break through!”
Zhou Yuan shrugged at the sight of the confident Luluo. Since she was so insistent, they could give it a try. He was a little interested in the golden pool too after all, and naturally would not reject a share of its blessings.
“We can give it a try.” Declared Zhou Yuan.
Luluo excitedly nodded her head. With a wave of her hand, she began to lead the way, bypassing the forest and heading towards the mountains.
Zhou Yuan observed the path she took, sure enough, he discovered that the fog was thinner, unlike other areas where it was so thick that it made it impossible to discern any direction.
Zhou Yuan curiously inquired, “Aren’t there others on this path?”
A path like this should be choked full of people, right?
“Because it belongs to me.” Replied Luluo in a pleased manner.
“The others did not object?” Asked Zhou Yuan in surprise.
Luluo cocked her head. “They did in the beginning, but after being beaten up a few times by me, they withdrew their objections. After which, this path was mine.”
Zhou Yuan gave her a thumbs up. What a character, one really could not afford to offend her.
The group of two laughed and chatted as they travelled. Along the way, Zhou Yuan could faintly sense numerous beast cries from the surrounding mist, pair after pair of eyes secretly observing them.
However, these Genesis Beast did not show themselves to stop them. Zhou Yuan knew that it was likely because of Luluo.
Although she had no way to deal with the grade 4 Genesis Beasts, those below grade 4 could be communicated with and commanded.
Hence, their passage was exceptionally smooth going.
This continued all the way until they stepped into the deeper region of the mountain range, and Zhou Yuan’s footsteps slowly came to a halt. He had sensed a ferocious presence occupying the spot in the distance, as a heavy and ominous pressure pulsed continuously.
Luluo’s face tensed up as she said, “That’s the grade 4 Genesis Beast blocking our way.”
Ice-blue Genesis Qi began surging from the little bird on her shoulder.
Zhou Yuan gaze was firmly fixed to his front where the ground was faintly trembling. In the end, he saw a dozen feet tall multi-colored tiger with a pair of wings on its back slowly walk out from the fog.
The beast’s cruel eyes were locked onto them.
...
A certain area in the mountain range.
Zhen Xu leisurely walked forward, his ash-colored eyes seemingly devoid of any trace of life. He was akin to a walking dead person, no warmth at all from his ice-cold body.
Suddenly, his moving feet slowly came to a stop.
He lifted his head and looked forward where a giant tree stood within the thin fog. There was currently a figure seated on one of its branches, head lowered and looking at him.
It was a young man with an innocent looking baby face. A single look of his smiling appearance gave one a rather favorable impression.
However, Zhen Xu merely stared at him in a nonchalant manner.
“Heh heh, how are you…” The youth smiled at Zhen Xu.
There was no response.
The youth did not seem to mind, still smiling brightly as he said, “I am Jiang Quan from the Jiang clan of the Dongxuan Continent.”
Zhen Xu’s eyes finally moved. He stared at the youth called Jiang Quan and said, “It seems that quite a few of you Dongxuan rats have sneaked in.”
Jiang Quan grinned. “You should be the Little Yama King from the Yama Sect, right?”
“I plan to leave my name on the Saint Tablet, so… I’ll have to ask you to do me a favor…”
“Please die at my hands, alright?”
Jiang Quan’s gaze abruptly turned ice-cold at the final word. With a flick, the ground under Zhen Xu’s feet suddenly crumbled as two sharp blue icicle shaped Genesis Qi stabbed towards him like a bolt of lightning.
Zhen Xu’s figure instantly rose into the air at this moment.
Blue Genesis Qi streaked past, ripping apart the air, leaving two deep holes on Zhen Xu’s shin. However, the holes gave off an ash gray glow, but no blood flowed from them.
Zhen Xu’s expression remained indifferent as if unable to feel the wound on his leg as his hand suddenly made a grabbing motion.
Grayish black Genesis Qi stealthily snaked towards Jiang Quan from behind like a viper in the shadow, shooting straight for the fatal point on his back.
Ch!
Blue Genesis Qi rose behind Jiang Quan like a grand sea, blocking the sneak attack. The corpse poison contained within the grayish black Qi was scattered and neutralized the moment it came into contact with the blue Genesis Qi.
Jiang Quan grinned. “As expected of an apex level genius of the Cangmang Continent… I really have to be vigilant.”
Grayish balck Genesis Qi churned below Zhen Xu’s feet, lifting him into the air. His ash-colored eyes locked onto Jiang Quan as he said, “A rat will always be a rat, only knowing how to sneak attack.”
“Aren’t you the same, already secretly prepared an attack the moment we met.” Jiang Quan chuckled.
“However, it does seem like you do have some ability. Guess I have not specially come here in vain.” Jiang Quan slowly lifted his hand. In an instant, astonishing Genesis Qi exploded from his body. Blue Genesis Qi surged behind him like a wave, giving off an alarming pressure.
“I heard that you once exhausted an Alpha-Origin to death?”
Jiang Quan smiled slightly. “What a coincidence, there’s also an Alpha-Origin that was toyed to death by me in the same manner.”
“And today… I will also let you have a taste of how he felt.”
Rumble!
However, rumbling grayish black Genesis Qi had already unfurled from Zhen Xu’s body before the former’s words could fade. In a split second, the Genesis Qi turned into countless streams of grayish black that seemed to fill the sky as they headed towards Jiang Quan from all directions.
“You talk too much.”
*Crash*!
Jiang Quan’s gaze was ice-cold. With a wave of his sleeve, blue Genesis Qi whizzed forth like a wave with a weight of a hundred thousand pounds, crashing against the countless grayish blacks streams.
Boom!
The full power of the two caused a shockwave of devastation to sweep outwards, causing the ground to instantly crumble...
Jiang Quan licked his lips, a cruel look emerging in his eyes as his cold voice echoed in the forest.
“After today, the apex level prided geniuses of your Cangmang Continent… will become the stepping stones of our Dongxuan Continent…”

