Chapter 243 Ethereal Form Technique Match on the Green Mountain
A majestic, lush mountain stood amongst the mountain range of the outer mountains.
Today, a seemingly endless stream of Genesis Qi light figures descended from the sky at the foot of this verdant mountain, breaking its peace and serenity by filling the area with excitement and noise.
Today was the day of the match between Zhou Yuan and Zhu Yue, and the venue was this very mountain.
This was why it had become the focal point of the outer mountains.
After all, there had never been a competition between an outer mountain disciple and an inner mountain disciple for so many years… hence, even a mere Genesis technique based match had managed to draw everyone’s eyes.
A dozen or so figures descended from the sky, landing just outside the green mountain. They immediately drew gaze after gaze filled with respect, because the one that led them was Lu Feng, dressed in his usual white clothes.
There was no one who did not know Lu Feng’s name in the outer mountains. Everyone acknowledged him as the strongest amongst this batch of outer mountain disciples. One could imagine how great his prospects were for the future even in a place like the Cangxuan Sect.
The one at Lu Feng’s side wearing blue robes also drew everyone’s attention. The fact that Yang Xiu was able to be ranked third amongst the ten great outer mountain disciples was enough to show his strength and talent.
The group of them basically stood at the peak of the outer mountain disciples. Hence why numerous other mountain disciple cast respectful gazes over at their arrival.
In response to these gazes, Lu Feng’s expression remained apathetic. His eyes scanned the area, eventually coming to a stop nearby.
It was where Gu Hongyi and Han Qiushui were standing shoulder to shoulder. Both young ladies had slender, sexy figures that could stir the soul, drawing quite a number of gazes towards them.
Han Qiushui nudged Gu Hongyi slender waist and said, “Hey, Lu Feng’s looking at us.”
Gu Hongyi glared at her, before sweeping a cold gaze at Lu Feng. Upon seeing her look over, a gentle smile appeared on the latter’s cold, prideful and handsome face.
A glance was all Gu Hongyi took before withdrawing her gaze, frowning slightly as she looked towards a certain direction.
Time slowly flowed as more and more disciples arrived, causing the place to turn increasingly lively.
Swish!
All of a sudden, two streams of light descended from the sky, landing at the foot of the mountain. The appearance of these two figures instantly drew countless gazes, because the one in front was one of the main actors for today, Zhu Yue.
Zhu Yue stood with his hands behind his back, his expression indifferent.
Not long after Zhu Yue’s appearance, the sound of rushing wind was heard. The crowd watched as Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao flew over, also landing at the foot of the mountain.
Now that the two leads were here, the atmosphere immediately heated up.
A cloud of Genesis Qi drifted over in the sky, Chen Yuan seated atop it. He beamed as he looked towards Zhou Yuan and Zhu Yue, an indescribable luster in his eyes as he said, “The both of you should already know that the loser of this match will lose the right to teach other disciples the Ethereal Form technique.”
“Do either of you have any objections?”
Zhu Yue shot an icy look at Zhou Yuan and said, “No objections.”
Zhou Yuan sneered in his heart. These two had secretly came up with this competition without informing him nor asking for his opinion. Asking such a question now was truly a joke.
Hence, he merely swept a glance at Chen Yuan, ignoring the question.
Upon seeing this, Chen Yuan chuckled softly as he secretly remarked to himself, “Arrogant brat, I’ll be waiting to see you cry later.”
Hence, he spoke again, “I shall oversee this match.”
“I believe it will be better for me to oversee it instead.” Just as his voice faded however, an elderly voice interjected.
Chen Yuan frowned, a stern gaze immediately turning towards the direction where the voice had come from. “Who dares…”
Before he could finish however, his words froze at his mouth. He had seen an elder in gray seated on a tree nearby wearing a nonchalant expression.
“Elder Zong Ming!” Chen Yuan’s rigid face stretched to form a smile as he hurriedly cupped his hands together. “Why didn’t elder inform me so I can come and receive you.”
*Uproar*
The surrounding mountain forests broke out into waves of noise. Amazement in the eyes of numerous outer mountain disciples as they looked towards the elder in gray. The most senior person they had seen since coming to the outer mountains had been Chen Yuan.
They had of course heard that there were two elders in the outer mountains, but the likes of them did not have the qualifications to meet such individuals. Who could have expected one of the elders would voluntarily show himself, and even oversee the match between two disciples.
The elder in gray glanced at Chen Yuan and said in an indifferent voice, “If I still did not appear, you might have forgotten that there’s someone above you.”
Cold sweat appeared on Chen Yuan’s head. His lips moved, but he did not dare to say anything.
Elder Zong Ming did not elaborate in front of the numerous disciples, but merely said, “I shall oversee this match. Do you have any complaints?”
Chen Yuan hurriedly said, “I won’t dare. Having elder oversee the match is naturally the most fair choice.”
His gaze secretly swept towards Zhu Yue below. The latter was also stunned by this turn of events, but his gaze soon flickered for a moment as he regained his cool.
“This kid’s luck is pretty good. To think he even managed to draw out elder Zong Ming…”
Zhu Yue’s eyes were cold. He and Chen Yuan had originally planned for the latter to oversee the match, allowing him to secretly make things difficult for Zhou Yuan such that he would have no chance at all.
However, it seems that these methods could no longer be used.
Even so, Zhu Yue did not really care, because they were only one of his many contingencies.
Zhou Yuan cupped his fists together and asked, “Elder Zong Ming, how will we be competing in this match?”
The other disciples curiously looked over. They too wanted to know what kind of match it would be. After all, the Ethereal Form technique was not like offensive techniques which could be judged based on power.
Zong Ming softly chuckled. “The essence of the Ethereal Form technique lies in two areas, speed and neutralization power.”
Zhou Yuan gave a faint nod. The technique allowed one to etherealize the body, causing one’s speed to rise to a level that ordinary people would find difficult to match. The Ethereal Form technique also gave the ability to neutralize any force that struck the body, making these two aspects the essence of the technique.
“Hence, today’s match will be based on your speed and neutralization power in the ethereal form.
Zong Ming gazed at the majestic green mountain before him as he suddenly took a deep breath before abruptly blowing.
Whooooo!
The breath of Genesis Qi that emerged was akin to the milky way. It swept through the air, completely covering the green mountain. Boundless Genesis Qi whizzed about the mountain like a million astral winds, booing and hissing.
A faint but enormous pressure spread from it.
Everyone watched this scene in shock. A breath of Genesis Qi from the elder could be said to be earth-shaking. Such power was practically immeasurable.
“This mountain has already been enveloped by my Genesis Qi. Once you enter, you will be exposed to my Genesis Qi pressure, making you feel as if you are carrying a mountain on your back. Besides this, the astral winds my Genesis Qi has turned into will attack you. You will be unable to avoid, and can only bear the attacks with your bodies. This will reveal how much power your ethereal form can neutralize.” Zong Ming grinned.
The numerous disciples cried out in shock when they heard this. To reach the peak, the two of them would have to rely on their speed while neutralizing the astral winds. It was a very appropriate test for the Ethereal Form technique.
“How about it, do the two of you feel this is fair?” Zong Ming looked towards Zhou Yuan and Zhu Yue.
A serious look appeared on both their faces, but they still nodded in the end.
“Since the two of you have no objections…”
Zong Ming waved his sleeve as two paths opened at the foot of the mountain, before his voice sounded like thunder.
“Let the match begin.”
“Let us see which of you is more adept at the Ethereal Form technique!”

