Chapter 258
“Zhou Yuan, you’re courting death!”
When Lu Feng’s bone-chilling voice rang out, an alarming torrent of Genesis Qi ferociously exploded from his body like a storm.
Cracks began to extend on the ground below his feet.
The expression of the numerous disciples in the vicinity changed slightly, somewhat unable to bear the Genesis Qi pressure as they backed away.
A sliver of fear flitted across the eyes of Zhao Kun, Song Wanxi, Qiao Xiu and the rest when they looked towards Lu Feng, now understanding the gap between them and the latter.
As the true-blue number one disciple of the outer mountains, Lu Feng was someone they both feared and respected.
The surrounding disciples retreated one after another.
Only Zhou Yuan remained seated on his cultivation platform, his eyes akin to a cold blade as he stared at Lu Feng.
“Why? Are you finally no longer able to sit still?” Said Zhou Yuan in a frosty voice. The Omni Python Qi hissed inside its body as it charged out from the top of his head, taking on the faint silhouette of a giant python as it looked down from above at Lu Feng.
Lu Feng’s eyes were akin to a brewing storm tinged with the occasional flash of rage.
It had been his will for Qin Zhen and gang to go after Zhou Yuan with the intention suppression the latter, making him lose all respect in the hearts of the non Shengzhou disciples.
However, Lu Feng had not expected Zhou Yuan to respond so swiftly and decisively. Moreover, it was also the first time he had witnessed the latter display his skill in Genesis Runes.
Although Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi cultivation was only at the first layer Alpha-Origin, he was capable of drawing grade 4 Genesis Runes, a level of Genesis Runes that even the run of the mill third layer Alpha-Origin would find hard pressed to defend against.
In conclusion, with the aid of Genesis Runes, ordinary third layer Alpha-Origin practitioners were no longer Zhou Yuan’s match.
Like what had happened just earlier. Zhou Yuan had struck like thunder with the power of Genesis Runes, causing Qin Zhen to be caught unprepared. In the end, he had been easily suppressed in a single exchange, a fact that undoubtedly made Lu Feng lose all face.
In contrast, Zhou Yuan’s reputation had grown tremendously.
This outcome was completely opposite to what Lu Feng had intended, hence why he was no longer able to watch and do nothing.
“You arrogant and ignorant fool. I originally wanted to save you for the peak selection ceremony, but since you’re already unable to wait, I will show you today that you are merely an ugly little clown in my eyes!” Lu Feng’s ice-cold voice rang out.
The Genesis Qi in his body grew more and more vigorous, turning into a howling gale that screamed around his body. Genesis Qi transformed into countless green blades of wind that began to shred even the air itself.
Imposing and terrifying.
“I’ve long wanted to see exactly what qualifications you have to be the so-called number one of the outer mountains!” Zhou Yuan’s gaze was cold and piercing, his clothes flapping loudly as the Omni Python Qi howled.
Their auras ferociously clashed, causing a hostile atmosphere to choke the entire Genesis Mountain.
Every disciple secretly wet their lips at this sight. No one had imagined that even in the face of someone as formidable as Lu Feng, Zhou Yuan would still meet the former head-on, refusing to give even an inch.
Were the two most talked of individuals recently finally going to clash for real today?
Numerous disciples opened their eyes a little wider, a sliver of curiosity and anticipation contained within.
“All of you stop!”
However, when Zhou Yuan and Lu Feng’s gazes were growing increasingly chilling, a loud shout was suddenly heard. A thunderous voice swept downwards along with boundless Genesis Qi, directly suppressing both Zhou Yuan and Lu Feng’s Genesis Qi.
Innumerable disciples lifted their heads, only to see a cloud of Genesis Qi drift over. Chen Yuan stood atop it, while a pretty red figure stood beside him. It was Gu Hongyi.
Chen Yuan looked down from above, staring at Zhou Yuan and Lu Feng as he frowned and said, “The peak selection ceremony is just around the corner. If you have any grudges, you can resolve them then. Don’t even think about having any personal squabbles here.”
The truth was that he had long known about what was going to happen today. Hence, he had intentionally been missing today. After all, Zhou Yuan really was a sore sight in his eyes, and he was naturally happy to let Lu Feng teach the former a lesson.
However, Chen Yuan had not expected Gu Hongyi to come knocking at his door, giving him no choice but to rush over. After all, Gu Hong’s background was too great, and he did not want to offend her.
Chen Yuan’s appearance meant that there would no longer be a battle between Zhou Yuan and Lu Feng.
Both of them exchanged an icy glance, before withdrawing the surging Genesis Qi around their bodies.
“Zhou Yuan, you’d better treasure what time you have left. When the peak selection ceremony arrives, I will personally pummel you into the abyss. Then, you will know that you amount to nothing in my eyes.” Lu Feng stood with his hands behind his body, his eerily chilling gaze directed straight at Zhou Yuan.
Their grudge had started with Gu Hongyi, but now, Lu Feng would still view Zhou Yuan as an enemy even without her.
Because Lu Feng could already feel that Zhou Yuan was beginning to threaten his position.
In the past, Zhou Yuan had merely been an ant in his eyes, not even worthy of any attention. Later on, however, Lu Feng began to observe Zhou Yuan’s astonishing rise amongst the outer mountains disciples, the concealed sharp blade he was no longer able to be hidden.
Lu Feng had began to feel threatened, and he could not tolerate a disciple from another continent challenging his position and prestige.
As the one at the forefront of this batch of outer mountain disciples, he needed to win, because this would also decide his future prospects and position in the Cangxuan Sect.
Therefore, he must destroy Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan could sense the intense iciness in Lu Feng’s eyes, however, it did not bother him at all as he softly chuckled and said, “I’ll send these words right back at you. I hope that you won’t lose too miserably, or it will really be boring.”
“You think you are worthy?” Lu Feng was expressionless, contempt appearing from the corners of his mouth.
Zhou Yuan ignored him, lifting his head instead, as he smiled at the Gu Hongyi. He knew that she was likely the one who had brought Chen Yuan over, and probably knew that Lu Feng was going to make things difficult today.
As for Chen Yuan, he merely showed the minimum courtesy of cupping his hands together with a cold expression.
Chen Yuan had always been the one to oversee the Genesis Mountain training sessions, and yet, he had found some excuse to be absent today. This was obviously intentional, and he had likely known in advance that Qin Zhen and gang would be stirring up trouble today.
Hence, Zhou Yuan guessed that Chen Yuan had purposely created an opportunity for Qin Zhen and gang to do so.
In view of this, Zhou Yuan naturally was not going to happily thank Chen Yuan.
Chen Yuan was likewise able to see Zhou Yuan’s half-heartedness, causing the former to snort inside. However, he did not get angry. Elder Zong Ming’s sudden appearance to help Zhou Yuan previously had clearly made Chen Yuan wary. He no longer dared to so casually cause trouble for Zhou Yuan.
“Let’s go.”
Said Zhou Yuan to Song Wanxi, Zhao Kun, Qiao Xiu and the rest, before he turned and walked towards the foot of the mountain.
A sliver of respect flowed out in the eyes of Song Wanxi, Zhao Kun and the other first class disciples as they gazed upon Zhou Yuan’s back. His almost effortless suppression of Qin Zhen and direct confrontation of Lu Feng had completely won over these usually head strong disciples.
Lu Feng’s suppression was the reason why they had previously feared competing with the Shengzhou disciples, but now, Zhou Yuan had appeared on their side.
As such, they no longer feared Lu Feng as much as before.
With such thoughts in mind, they exchanged a look, began to follow one after another, creating a crowd behind Zhou Yuan.
With them taking the lead, more and more non Shengzhou disciples began to flood over, forming a black mass that surged down the mountain.
The sight of this caused the expressions of numerous Shengzhou disciples to turn somewhat unnatural. For the first time, they felt that these country bumpkins were no longer easy targets.
The corners of Lu Feng’s lips involuntarily twitched at this sight, fury boiling within his eyes. In a certain manner of speaking, this was akin to stepping on their faces.
He never imagined that he would not only fail to destroy Zhou Yuan, but end up helping him instead, creating a central pillar that all these country bumpkins could now rally around...
Lu Feng took in a deep breath, his five fingers slowly clenching into a fist. The gaze that stared at Zhou Yuan’s back was filled with a chilling iciness.
“Go ahead and be happy for now. During the peak selection ceremony, I will personally stomp you into the ground!”
“I will teach you that the higher you climb, the harder the fall!”

