Chapter 574 Encountering Hundred Flowers
“Is this the six color treasure location you spoke of?”
On a certain mountain peak, Gu Hongyi cupped her hands over her eyes as she gazed at the continuous ancient mountain range to her front. Mist enveloped the mountain range, faint but gorgeous colors glowing from within.
Numerous hisses and roars constantly rang out from the mountain range, accompanied by violent eruptions of Genesis Qi.
Gu Hongyi’s bright eyes looked towards Zhou Yuan in inquiry. After saving Jin Zhang and his team, they had been led east by Zhou Yuan and ultimately ended up here.
According to Zhou Yuan, this was the six color treasure location.
“This place is very dangerous indeed.” By the side, Jin Zhang wore a slightly grave expression as he observed the misty mountain range. Due to his proficiency in Genesis Runes, his Spirit was pretty strong, giving him superior senses. Hence, he could faintly detect several dangerous Genesis Qi undulations from the mountain range.
“How can a place that is home to a six color treasure location be ordinary.” Zhou Yuan was not surprised by this observation. He stared at the mist as he frowned and said, “However, this mist is rather strange, To think that it can obstruct one’s Spirit senses…”
This was indeed a troublesome matter. With one’s senses obstructed, recklessly entering would turn one into blind person inside. This would be extremely unfavorable for them.
Jin Zhang also concentrated on the gorgeously glowing mist. A long while later, he suddenly said, “It seems as if the mist is thinning.”
Zhou Yuan gave a slight nod of agreement, evidently having also made the same observation.
He said, “We’ll continue observing a while, before making further plans.”
He did not opt to recklessly charge in. After all, he was currently not alone. Since he had brought two teams here, he naturally needed to be responsible for their safety.
Moreover, the ancient mountain range gave even Zhou Yuan a somewhat dangerous feeling.
Gu Hongyi nodded in acknowledgement, before proceeding to pass on the instructions to the rest.
With two Cangxuan Sect teams currently gathered together, their total numbers swelled past a hundred. Hence, the mountaintop became rather busy for a time as they scattered and spread out.
Zhou Yuan and Jin Zhang were stationed on the highest point, as they carefully observed the minute changes of the mist.
This lasted for an entire day.
After a day of observation, Zhou Yuan and Jin Zhang were finally able to ascertain that colored mist was indeed becoming sparser. As it thinned, one’s Spirit senses would gradually become effective again.
Zhou Yuan breathed a sigh of relief and said, “Looks like we only need to wait for a few more days for the best timing to enter.”
Jin Zhang nodded, however, he hesitated slightly for a moment, before he said, “But if we wait, the other factions will soon become aware of our presence…”
“We can’t hide it anyways.” Zhou Yuan was a little more open-minded. He stared at the dark depths of the mountain forest and said, “Moreover, if others enter, it will take some pressure off us.”
There were several dangerous auras inside the ancient mountain range, and Zhou Yuan honestly did not mind drawing others over to split their attention.
Upon hearing this, Jin Zhang nodded with a smile.
While the duo were conversing, Zhou Yuan’s expression suddenly changed as he turned and stared at a certain spot in the sky. “Someone’s coming, and there’s quite a number of them!”
Jin Zhang’s expression also changed, the Spirit between his brows shuddering as in invisible ripple spread.
The Cangxuan Sect disciples in the vicinity hurriedly gathered together upon receiving the Spirit message, and solemnly prepared themselves.
Gu Hongyi, Zhou Tai and Lu Yan hastily arrived at Zhou Yuan’s side and asked, “Is it the Sacred Palace group?”
Zhou Yuan’s expression turned frosty as he said, “Very possible. Judging by the scale of the group and the two extremely powerful Genesis Qi undulations amongst them, they are certainly from no ordinary faction. I’m afraid that only Sacred Palace can possess such a line-up in this area.”
The hearts of Gu Hongyi and the others shivered, and did not ask any further. If a Sacred Palace team appeared here, a terrible battle would most certainly occur.
Over a hundred Cangxuan Sect figures stared at a certain spot in the distance, Genesis Qi surging around them in preparation to act at any moment.
Under their warily watching gazes, a certain spot in space began to ripple as a huge swathe of Genesis Qi clouds descended from the sky with numerous figures atop them.
However, they also sensed the gathered Genesis Qi undulations nearby when they approached, and a shout immediately rang out, “Who?!”
The voice was clear and melodious, as if it had come from a skylark.
Zhou Yuan and the others were stunned for a moment, before waving his hand to stop the numerous ready disciples.
The Genesis Qi clouds began to dissipate at this moment, revealing a hundred figures on a mountain top in the distance. When these figures appeared, the eyes of the numerous Cangxuan Sect disciples widened.
Every single member of the group was a ravishing beauty.
The Cangxuan Sect side was mostly made up of male disciples. As such, suddenly seeing so many pretty girls appear before them after a depressing two weeks in this dangerous land naturally made them cry out in surprise.
“It’s the Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace.” Jin Zhang was somewhat stunned as he gazed at these figures. The Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace was the most unique in the Shengzhou Continent, and would also cause quite a commotion wherever they went. But if anyone underestimated them because they were women, he would likely pay an extremely painful price.
The Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace had not relied on good looks to become one of the six overlord sects.
“It appears that the six color treasure location is no amazing secret.” Zhou Yuan sighed. The Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace group must have also obtained information about the six color treasure location.
Meanwhile, numerous gazes were also cast over from the Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace side.
At the very front of the Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace group, a tall beautiful figure coldly looked over and icily snorted, “I was wondering who it was, and it turns out to be the Cangxuan Sect… were you guys planning on attacking us earlier?”
This pretty individual was tall and thin, but also had a very exquisite figure. There were faint traces of pride on her oval face.
“It was a misunderstanding.” Zhou Yuan waved his hands. The young lady before him was very beautiful, but his face remained calm due to his lack of interest in her. He was not overly friendly either due to her appearance.
The lady was likewise able to feel Zhou Yuan’s attitude, causing her to frown a little as she unhappily said, “I’m a chief disciple of the Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace, Zhao Ru. Are there no chief disciples from your Cangxuan Sect present? What is the meaning of sending a seventh layer disciple to talk to me.”
Her tone indicated that she was rather unhappy, clearly feeling that the Cangxuan Sect was scorning her too much by sending a seventh layer disciple to speak with her.
Upon seeing that the lady was making things difficult for Zhou Yuan, Gu Hongyi’s eyebrows nearly turned vertical in anger, as Jin Zhang hurriedly spoke up from the side, “So it’s junior sister Zhao Ru. Hehe, I’m chief disciple Jin Zhang of the Spirit Rune Peak. This person is called Zhou Yuan and is no ordinary disciple either, he’s the chief disciple of our Cangxuan Sect’s Saint Genesis Peak.”
Zhao Ru was taken aback after hearing this, but instead of acknowledging her mistake, she said, “The weakest Saint Genesis Peak? It’s very odd of your Cangxuan Sect to allow a seventh layer practitioner to become a chief disciple. Is a chief disciple really so worthless in your eyes?”
These words caused even Jin Zhang to frown.
But before he could reply, a girl in blue suddenly pulled Zhao Ru to the side. It was another beauty with a goose egg shaped face, and gave off a gentle demeanor. She shot Zhou Yuan an apologetic smile and said, “I’m also a chief disciple of the Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace, Tang Xiaoyan. I hope that the senior brothers of the Cangxuan Sect will be a little more forgiving if junior sister Zhao Ru has offended you earlier.”
Zhou Yuan and Jin Zhang exchanged a look, before cupping their fists together, expressing that it was fine.
However, they no longer had any intentions of conversing any further due to Zhao Ru’s attitude earlier, causing the atmosphere to turn somewhat awkward for a time.
Just as Zhou Yuan was planning to hand the situation over to Jin Zhang, a fair and pretty little face suddenly popped out from the Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace side. Her long green hair made her appear full of liveliness, her large jet-black eyes staring straight in Zhou Yuan’s direction, as surprise and happiness burst out from within them.
“Zhou Yuan! Zhou Yuan! Is that you?!”
An ice-blue bird hopped onto her little head and chirped excitedly.
Zhou Yuan was momentarily stunned, before he quickly looked over. When he saw that familiar little face, a joyful expression also appeared in his eyes.
“Luluo?!”

