Chapter 203 Four Saint Runes
“No wonder it’s so amazing.” A long while later, Zhou Yuan gradually returned to his senses as he sighed in amazement.
This Saint Rune was able to find the vulnerabilities in numerous Genesis techniques, allowing him to break the opponents techniques with the minimum amount of power. Such an ability was practically cheating.
In the previous battle with Wu Huang, if not for the Saint Rune’s miraculous power, Zhou Yuan would have had to pay an even steeper price to obtain victory.
Hence why Zhou Yuan was struck by a sudden flash of understanding when he heard it had originated from the Cangxuan Saint Stamp.
“This Saint Rune is called the Decoder Saint Rune, and has the ability to find the vulnerabilities in all things. It’s also one of the four Saint Runes that I split off from the Cangxuan Saint Stamp.” Patriarch Cangxuan smiled faintly.
“One of the four split off Saint Runes?” Zhou Yuan quickly realised the key words.
Patriarch Cang Xuan nodded as he elaborated, “When I was ambushed by the great powers of the Sacred race, they tried to take the Cangxuan Saint Stamp I controlled. However, they never imagined that I was already long prepared for such a scenario. I had sealed the main vessel, while splitting off the four Saint Runes on it, weakening its power and preventing the Sacred race from finding its location.”
Zhou Yuan licked his lips inside. So there were a total of four of these mysterious Saint Runes.
The Decoder Saint Rune was already so amazing. Zhou Yuan wondered what kind of powers the other three possessed.
Patriarch Cang Xuan grinned as he gazed at Zhou Yuan, and suddenly said in a serious voice, “Little lad, I see that you have fantastic talent, and have an important mission for you.”
Zhou Yuan could sense that something was wrong. “Elder, you can’t be thinking of asking me to find the Cangxuan Saint Stamp, right?”
“Smart lad.” Praised patriarch Cang Xuan.
Zhou Yuan immediately began shaking his head. “Elder you think too highly of me. I’m only a little Heaven Gate stage practitioner, how can I possibly have the qualifications to even touch such an ultimate treasure!”
He was not brain damaged. Sure, the Cangxuan Saint Stamp was an ultimate treasure, but Zhou Yuan knew that it was also akin to a scalding hot sweet potato. Let alone the Sacred race, even Sacred Palace was already an unimaginable behemoth in his eyes.
If he were to come to possess the Cangxuan Saint Stamp, and Sacred Palace somehow detected it. The disaster that followed would definitely be beyond his ability.
“Unambitious brat!”
Patriarch Cang Xuan glared at Zhou Yuan. However, the former was a little surprised that Zhou Yuan was able to reject him. After all, any ordinary person would have long lost any semblance of rationality after hearing about this ultimate treasure, only greed left in them as they desperately tried to think of how to get their hands on it.
In a certain way, he did admire Zhou Yuan for having such rationality.
“Brat, don’t you want to protect her?” Patriarch Cang Xuan shot a glance to the side at Yaoyao.
There was no hesitation in Zhou Yuan’s voice as he answered, “That is my promise to master Cang Yuan.”
Patriarch Cang Xuan merely let out an icy chuckle. ‘But you now know what kind of person she is, right? Do you dare to provoke her enemies? Do you think the likes of you can protect her?”
Zhou Yuan calmly replied, “I do not know whether I will be able to protect her, but I will do everything in my power. I promised master Cang Yuan that the only way anyone will be able to hurt her is by stepping over my corpse.”
By the side, Yaoyao’s bright eyes seem to swirl a little. She cast a casual glance at him as her red lips curled slightly downwards. “For the past one to two years, I’ve been the one protecting you.”
Although she said so, there was a glimmer of a smile in her pupils.
Zhou Yuan’s face turned red as he tried to explain, “You’ve gotta give me time to grow stronger!”
“That’s a little more like it.” Patriarch Cang Xuan chuckled before he continued, “However, I have to tell you that if the Cangxuan Saint Stamp lands in the hands of Sacred Palace, the Sacred Palace master would become the new master of Cangxuan Heaven. When that happens, the range of his senses will grow beyond your imaginable. In fact… he may even be able to discover Yaoyao.”
“In addition, because you’ve already obtained one of the Saint Runes, the first agenda on the Sacred Palace master’s list after obtaining the Cangxuan Saint Stamp would be to find the four Saint Runes, and allow the stamp to regain its full power.”
“And you… will definitely be the first person in his crosshairs.”
Zhou Yuan’s expression could not help but change. It had clearly yet to strike him that the Sant Rune was also a scalding hot sweet potato.
“Elder, didn’t you say that the Cangxuan Saint Stamp was sealed by you and no one will be able to find it!”
Patriarch Cang Xuan smiled faintly. “It was indeed sealed by me, but Sacred Palace has never stopped searching for it. The Sacred Palace master is not useless either, and at this rate, he will be able to sense it sooner or later.”
Zhou Yuan was speechless.
When patriarch Cang Xuan saw the increasingly pained look on Zhou Yuan’s face, his tone softened slightly as he said, “Moreover, I don’t intend for you to find the Cangxuan Saint Stamp now. You may first search for the other three Saint Runes. That way, even if the Cangxuan Saint Stamp really ends up in the Sacred Palace’s hands, the Sacred Palace master would not be able to become the Heaven Master of Cangxuan Heaven.”
He shot a sideways glance at Zhou Yuan while he said, “I don’t believe that you aren’t interested in those three Saint Runes.”
Zhou Yuan wet his lips. It would be a lie to say he wasn’t interested in them. He had already experienced the amazing ability of the Decoder Saint Rune, and was naturally itching to find out what powers the other three Saint Runes possessed.
However, Cang Xuan’s words were not wrong either,. The Sacred race clearly wanted to capture Yaoyao, and as the dogs of the Sacred race, Sacred Palace would definitely become a huge threat to Yaoyao if they were to obtain the Cangxuan Saint Stamp.
Although he currently did not have the strength to oppose Sacred Palace, he was definitely willing to secretly create trouble for them, and at the very least prevent them from obtaining the complete Cangxuan Saint Stamp.
After some thought, Zhou Yuan finally asked, “Then where can I find the other three Saint Runes?”
The current him may not have the qualifications to find the Cangxuan Saint Stamp, but he could search for the four Saint Runes that had been split off from the Saint Stamp.
Upon seeing that Zhou Yuan was finally on board, patriarch Cang Xuan chuckled and said, “The second Saint Rune was sealed in the Cangxuan Sect’s Saint Genesis Peak.”
“Cangxuan Sect, Saint Genesis Peak?”
Patriarch Cang Xuan smiled as he nodded. “There are a total of seven peaks in Cangxuan Sect. Every peak has countless disciples, each with their own jobs and cultivation techniques. The Saint Genesis Peak is where I used seclude myself.”
Zhou Yuan said, “Wouldn’t that mean that I’ll have to enter Cangxuan Sect in order to obtain the second Saint Rune?”
Patriarch Cang Xuan smiled. “Why? Are you not willing? My Cangxuan Sect may not be as powerful as it was in the past, but it is still one of the strongest sects in Cangxuan Heaven.”
Zhou Yuan chuckled. He was naturally happy to join Cangxuan Sect. After all, he did need a powerful shield for him to go about his mission. Without a backer, Sacred Palace would be able to do anything they pleased with him whenever they wanted.
“The Saint Genesis Peak was sealed by me before I died, making it such that no one can enter. After the two of you enter Cangxuan Sect and pass the peak selection ceremony, you can use my signet to enter the Saint Genesis Peak, break the seal and reopen it.”
“How troublesome…” The corners of Zhou Yuan’s mouth drew back. “Old man, you’re the founder of Cangxuan Sect. Can’t we take your signet straight to the sect master and seek permission to enter the Saint Genesis Peak to find the Saint Rune?”
“No.” Patriarch Cang Xuan slowly said, “The secret of the Saint Runes is too important, and no one in Cangxuan Sect knows of it. That’s why you cannot reveal it.”
“Moreover…”
Patriarch Cang Xuan was silent for a brief moment, before he said, “I suspect that my death was not solely because of outsiders…”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed. Could there be a spy in Cangxuan Sect?
“How dangerous.”
A pained look filled Zhou Yuan’s face. He stared at patriarch Cang Xuan and said in a voice that seemed to imply something else, “Elder, the task you’ve given is not easy at all. As the saying goes, if you want a horse to run fast, you’ve got to feed it well…”
When patriarch Cang Xuan saw how openly this fellow dared to ask, he could not help but let out an exasperated laugh, before he said in a slightly peeved voice, “Don’t worry, you won’t starve to death!”
He extended a hand as golden rays of light gathered towards it, gradually taking the shape of a drop of golden liquid.
It looked look a drop of golden blood.
The appearance of this golden drop of blood immediately caused wind to blow loudly as endless Genesis Qi began to surge over.
“What is it?” Zhou Yuan’s gaze was glued to the golden drop of blood as he swallowed his saliva.
Patriarch Cang Xuan softly chuckled.
“This is what all of you dream of obtaining in the Saint Remains Domain… a drop of my Saint blood.”

