Chapter 81 Great Battle in the Valley
A scarlet glow was emitted from the Fire Spirit Grain at the bottom of the valley like a small sun, drawing the attention of the two groups at the top of the valley. Everyone’s eyes were filled with longing and excitement.
Qi Hao withdrew his gaze with some difficulty, the unconcealable greed pulsing in his eyes turning to a dark look as he turned towards the other side of the valley where Zhou Yuan’s group was.
“Zhou Yuan, I advise you to leave now or it will soon be too late for regrets.” Qi Hao’s tone was intimidating.
Zhou Yuan was expressionless as he shot a glance at Qi Hao. The former really could not be bothered with the latter’s rubbish.
Upon seeing that Zhou Yuan was ignoring him, iciness flashed within Qi Hao’s eyes as he said, “Since you are so insisted on seeking death, I will grant your wish today!”
“City lord Black, it is time for you to act.” Qi Hao looked towards the Black Venom King.
The Black Venom King let out two piercing laughs as his grating voice sounded, “Since you’ve paid the price of three cities, I will naturally lend my aid till the end.”
As his words faded, the Black Venom King’s body jolted and boundless black Qi poured out from the top of his head, covering the sky above like ominous black clouds.
An appalling stench spread from the black clouds, an indication of the strong poison contained within.
This was the Black Venom King’s Genesis Qi, the grade 4 Devil Miasma Qi.
The Devil Miasma Qi was obtained by the Black Venom King through a fortunate encounter. Not only had it enabled him to reach the Alpha-Origin stage, it had even given him to power to tower above the numerous experts of Blackwater.
So much power that even Wei Canglan had repeatedly suffered at the former’s hands.
While the Black Venom King was displaying his might, Wei Canglan also took a step forward, his frosty gaze fixed on the Black Venom King as similarly vigorous Genesis Qi poured out from the top of his head.
Wei Canglan’s Genesis Qi had a dark gold lustre. It gave a strong military aura and was filled with deadly killing intent.
This Gold Militant Qi was likewise a grade 4 Genesis Qi. It felt as sharp as a blade and was rather domineering.
“Wei Canglan, who would have expected someone like you, who has repeatedly suffered at my hands, to still have the courage to fight. I truly admire your bravery!”  The Black Venom King smiled coldly.
Murder flashed in Wei Canglan’s eyes. “This time, I will kill you to repay all the torture you’ve inflicted on me over the years!”
“Haha, I’m afraid that you don’t have the capability!” The Black Venom King laughed loudly. Soon after, the swirling Devil Miasma Qi in the sky descended and wrapped around his body, bringing him into the air.
He stood on the Devil Miasma Qi as black Qi roared behind him, a dreadful sight akin to seeing a demon.
“Your highness, I will go deal with that poison bastard. Everything else will be left to the rest of you.” After leaving behind these words, dark gold Qi whizzed over as he stepped onto it and rose into the sky.
Two Alpha-Origin stage experts faced each other in the sky, their powerful auras clashing.
Buzz!
Wei Canglan was the first to make his move. With a grasp of his hand, the dark gold Genesis Qi around his body surged forth, piercing through the air like a golden lance as it shot towards the Black Venom King.
“Keh keh.”
The Black Venom King let out a strange laugh as his hands joined together. Black Qi began to spin, forming a black tornado that bounced away the incoming dark gold Genesis Qi.
On two different sides of the valley, Zhou Yuan, Qi Hao and the rest of the two parties watched the battle in the sky with grave expressions.
“Come Wei Canglan, have a taste of my Devil Miasma Prison!”
The Black Venom King’s sleeves fluttered as two streams of black Genesis Qi flew out. The Genesis Qi swiftly descended from the sky, like a rapidly shrinking cage with Wei Canglan at its center.
As the black prison grew smaller and smaller, the churning toxic black Qi within it enclosed around Wei Canglan.
“Golden Broadsword Slash!”
Wei Canglan’s face was ice-cold as he made a grabbing motion with his hand and a giant broadsword appeared within it. Runes covered the entire broadsword as a powerful aura pulsed from it.
It was a Black tier Genesis Weapon.
Broadsword in hand, Wei Canglan powerfully slashed downwards.
Pch!
A hundred feet long golden blade of light shot out and ripped through the air, breaking the shrinking cage in a single strike.
Swish!
After the cage was sliced apart, black Qi suddenly appeared behind Wei Canglan. The Black Venom King appeared and sent a palm strike flying towards Wei Canglan’s back.
Black Qi swirled around the palm, showing that the attack contained a powerful venom.
As a stench rushed towards Wei Canglan from behind, he throw a fist behind him. A golden glow surrounded his fist as rays of golden light shot forth, rays as sharp as swords.
Bang!
Fist and palm collided.
The surrounding air exploded as a piercing explosion rang out together with a wave of Qi that could be seen with the naked eye.
Two figures shot backwards from the collision.
A slightly twisted expression could be seen on the Black Venom King’s face as he steadied his body while fresh blood dripped continuously from his hand. Wei Canglan’s Gold Militant Qi was just too domineering and had pierced the former’s hand in their previous clash.
However, although his hand had been pierced, a sinister look glowed within the Black Venom King’s eyes as he stared at Wei Canglan and said in a frosty voice, “Wei Canglan, you really do not learn do you. To think that you would clash directly with my Devil Miasma Qi. Have you really forgotten what it tastes like when my poison invades your body?”
Though the Black Venom King’s palm had been pierced in the previous clash, he had similarly managed to send some Devil Miasma Qi into Wei Canglan’s body.
However, the Black Venom King was somewhat surprised to see Wei Canglan’s expression remain indifferent. The latter slowly lifted his hand as a faint green rune of light emerged. The Black Venom King’s expression turned ugly as he watched the green light rune slowly expel a wisp of black Qi.
His Devil Miasma Qi had been expelled!
“Do you really believe that I would allow your poison to enter my body?” Mocked Wei Canglan. The green light rune was naturally the Thousand Wood Poison Safeguard Rune.
When activated, it would protect one’s body and prevent any poison from entering.
The Black Venom King’s expression turned as dark as a bottomless well. It turns out that he was the one who had suffered instead, his palm pierced by Wei Canglan.
On one side of the valley, Wei Qingqing happily blurted out when she saw this, “Father has taken the upper hand!”
Zhou Yuan breathed a tiny sigh of relief. It was fortunate that he had made preparations in advance or it would likely be very difficult for Wei Canglan to gain the upper hand.
In contrast, the atmosphere on Qi Hao’s side grew rather tense as he frowned. It was obvious that he had not expected the Black Venom King to suffer such a big loss.
Qi Ling said in a low voice, “First young master, I’m afraid that the Black Venom King will not be able to win and will at best only manage to delay Wei Canglan.”
Qi Hao’s expression grew icy. His eyes flickered in thought for a moment before he coldly said, “No problem, delaying Wei Canglan is fine. Next, it is time for us to show our hand.”
He raised his head and looked towards Zhou Yuan as the corners of his mouth lifted to form a mocking smile.
“It seems that they believe victory is already theirs. Since that is so, let us send them a little gift…”
As his words faded, the ground suddenly began to shake. The valley was abruptly torn open, dust rising into the air as an enormous creature slowly emerged.
The pupils of Zhou Yuan and his group shrank when they saw the giant silhouette that had suddenly appeared.
Light shined down upon a giant black python that was several dozens of feet long. Its serpent eyes were entirely red, and numerous runes had been inscribed on its body. A ferocious without equal aura swept outwards from it.
Zhou Yuan’s expression became extremely grave as he gazed at the giant python.
Had the protector of the ruins finally appeared?
He raised his head, frowning as his gaze swept towards Qi Hao’s group which was nearer to the giant python. The former did not see any worry on the latter’s face. Instead, Qi Hao was looking at the giant battle puppet python with eyes filled with both excitement and anticipation.
“What’s going on?” Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly.
As if sensing Zhou Yuan’s gaze, Qi Hao turned his head and displayed a strange smile to the former. At the same time, a chilling voice drifted over from the distance.
“Zhou Yuan, I advised you to leave earlier, now… all of you will die here!”

