Chapter 179 Entering the Saint Tower
Dreadful killing intent swept across the glowing platform like a wave, causing the expressions of several top tier geniuses top change slightly, their gazes filled with fear as they looked towards Wu Huang.
Under the attention of the crowd, Wu Huang’s eerily chilling eyes stared at Zhou Yuan. “The most pitiful thing about you is that you don’t deserve to possess such things.”
“Moreover, it is said that you still naively believe that you will be able to take them back.”
“Zhou Yuan…”
Mockery rose from the corners of Wu Huang’s lips.
“This time, I will let you understand that you were only a carrier for the sacred dragon blessing, while I am its true owner!”
“I will show you the taste of true despair!”
Powerful and domineering Genesis Qi violently unfurled from Wu Huang’s body like a storm, his voice almost a growl as it rang in everyone’s ears.
Several gazes were cast towards Zhou Yuan at this moment, most of them containing some pity. Although Zhou Yuan had reached the mid Heaven Gate stage, when compared to Wu Huang, the gap between them was still far too large.
Though the focus of Wu Huang’s murderous gaze and numerous gazes of pity, there was no change in Zhou Yuan’s expression. He merely chuckled softly and said, “You’ve already declared the exact same thing back when I was still at the Qi Nourishing stage, but unfortunately, things have never turned out as you wished…”
“That’s why…”
“Wu Huang, you will still be disappointed this time.”
Their gazes clashed in mid-air, killing intent so thick that even the surrounding air felt a little colder.
Rumble!
While killing intent dripped from the air, a rumbling sound was suddenly heard from the Saint tower behind the platform. Numerous geniuses swiftly turned their gazes, to see the giant doors of the tower slowly opening...
“The Saint tower is opening!”
Everyone’s eyes instantly lit up with boiling excitement. The greatest blessing of the Saint Remains Domain was inside this very tower, and it was likely the fabled sacred land.
Everyone on the platform had obtained a portion of the Saint Remains Domain’s blessings, however, it was nothing compared to the one before their eyes.
Obtaining it would be akin to rocketing straight into the heavens, surpassing everyone else.
In the face of such temptation, none of those present could maintain a heart as cool and collected as still water.
With the exception of Yaoyao… her eyes that looked towards the Saint tower were akin to a hidden pool, without even the slightest ripple of emotion. In fact, her shapely eyebrows had even slightly knitted together. She did not know why, but the tower gave her an indescribable feeling.
As if she had seen it somewhere before...
However, no matter how hard she tried, she was unable to recall anything.
It was a feeling that she did not like.
“The Saint tower is open, let’s enter quickly!”
The tower doors opened fully. The platform was silent for a split second before figure after figure rapidly shot forth like a swarm as they charged towards the doors.
Even Wu Huang and Ye Ming exchanged a look, before swiftly turning around, leading their group as they made a beeline towards the doors.
Zhou Yuan looked towards Yaoyao and the rest as he said, “We should go too.”
The group naturally had no objections. In fact, they were filled with eagerness.
“Go!”
Swish!
Genesis Qi whizzed out, transforming into numerous glowing figures that ultimately dashed into the Saint tower under the countless envious watching eyes in the Saint Remains Domain.
…
Outside the Saint Remains Domain.
There were also many people gathered here. They represented the various factions of the Cangmang Continent, and were waiting here for the final outcome of the Saint Remains Domain.
They knew that the outcome would very likely change the faction landscape of the Cangmang Continent.
In the sky, six streams of majestic Genesis Qi surged, forming six clouds. Six figures were seated on these clouds, the pressure from their bodies causing reverence to appear on the faces of the many faction representatives present.
They were the envoys from the six sacred sects.
Their eyes had been closed since the beginning, bodies still as statues. Today however, those tightly shut eyes suddenly twitched before slowly opening.
“The sacred land inside the Saint Remains Domain has appeared.” Six gazes were cast towards the Saint Remains Domain. They could faintly sense a strange undulation appear inside the Saint Remains Domain at this moment.
“The sacred land has indeed appeared…” The eyes of the Sacred Palace envoy known as Zhao Pan narrowed slightly as they stared at the Saint Remains Domain. Light flickered in his eyes, but only he knew what was on his mind.
Towards another direction, the bare-footed uncle that had once helped Zhou Yuan lightly tapped his pipe. A complicated look was revealed in his gaze as he looked towards the Saint Remains Domain.
“Heh heh, I wonder who will obtain the greatest blessing in this batch’s Saint Remains Domain?” One of the six chuckled.
The fair clean-shaven Zhao Pan smiled thinly. “Wu Huang possesses great luck, is blessed by the heavens and has amazing talent. There is no doubt that he is number one amongst the younger generation of the Cangmang Continent. The blessing will surely end up with him.”
The bare-footed uncle called Mu Wuji scoffed. “From your tone, it seems that your Sacred Palace has already reserved him in advance?”
Zhao Pan glanced at the former. “A phoenix will seek the best tree to perch. Isn’t this very normal? Wu Huang has made the best decision.”
“Best tree? Heh.” Mu Wuji sneered, intense iciness in his voice as he continued, “Do you Sacred Palace people dare to enter this Saint Remains Domain?”
Zhao Pan indifferently replied, “Mu Wuji, it seems that your Cangxuan Sect still refuses to let go of the matter that happened back then.”
“That ancestor of yours disobeyed the Sacred order, drawing the fury of the Sacred. He has only himself to blame for his fate.”
“Humph, if you have any opinions, feel free to debate them in the Sacred Palace… however, do you really believe that your Cangxuan Sect is still the number one sect in Cangxuan Heaven?”
Mu Wuji’s hand tightened around his pipe, killing intent spitting from his eyes.
Zhao Pan however still had the same icy grin on his face. Genesis Qi drummed around him, forming a grand, magnificent cloud that churned behind him as an overwhelming pressure spread.
The atmosphere between the two instantly turned hostile.
Alarm and surprise filled the faces of the numerous representatives below as they gazed upon this scene, clearly unable to comprehend why the two envoys had been angered.
The other four envoys spoke out to douse the sparks.
“No need to argue you two, they’ve already entered the sacred land, and we should also begin…”
Zhao Pan and Mu Wujin coldly snorted as they withdrew their boundless Genesis Qi.
“Let’s begin.”
The six envoys formed seals with their hands. Boundless Genesis Qi suddenly shot forth, swirling in the air in front of them as it gradually turned into a giant Genesis Qi mirror.
Light gathered within the mirror as a picture slowly appeared.
If one took a closer look, one would see the 38 figures that had entered the Saint tower...
After the 38 figures entered, they saw a towering Saint mountain that stretched even further than the end of their sights. The grand and vast mountain also appeared in the mirror.
Outside the Saint Remains Domain, the various representatives seemed to jolt awake as their gazes looked towards the mirror.
They knew that the subsequent battle would definitely shake the entire Cangmang Continent.
Who would be able to distinguish themselves from the numerous elite geniuses, and make everyone else tremble before them?

