Chapter 147 Mysterious Heavy Mud
The Saint Remains squad was quickly organized. They now boasted a pretty good line-up consisting of thirty individuals, each possessing the strength of the advance Heaven Gate stage. When all of them were gathered together, an intimidating aura could be felt, causing respect to rise in the eyes of the crowd around them.
Xiao Tianxuan had a look of satisfaction in his eyes. This line-up would be able to put up a fight even against an Alpha-Origin expert.
Xiao Tianxuan’s gaze fell upon the group as he said with a grin, “Since all of you have chosen to join our Saint Remains squad, you’re now one of us. There are many gifts and blessings in the Saint Remains Domain and as long as we work as one, there will be nothing for us to fear.”
His speech was made with authority and confidence. As the junior city lord of Saint Remains City, his status and reputation was plain for all to see, while also lending some weight to his words. Hence, no one gave any objections when he spoke and acted as their leader.
Xiao Tianxuan did indeed have the qualifications.
“There’s not much else for me to say. The first target of our newly established Saint Remains squad is that grade 4 Genesis Beast. We must obtain victory so as to grow the reputation of the squad.” Xiao Tianxuan did not beat about the bush. Although they had gained some elite members, whether or not these new members stayed on hinged upon their first battle.
As long as they could pull off a beautiful victory, the name of their Saint Remains squad would spread and attract even more elite geniuses. If this positive feedback loop continued, he would definitely gain the power to match the super elite geniuses.
Thus, with a wave of his hand, he took the lead and flew off, while the new recruits of the Saint Remains squad immediately followed.
Genesis Qi surged as a group of thirty Heaven Gate experts leapt into the air, an impressive sight indeed.
Even more of the surrounding onlookers also followed like a swarm of locusts. Many of them knew that although they would not be able to enjoy the spoils from the grade 4 Genesis Beast and its little Heaven Genesis technique, they could still take advantage of this opportunity to kill the beast packs that followed the grade 4 Genesis Beast.
Zhou Yuan’s gaze flickered faintly as he watched the exodus and seamlessly melded into the crowd.
The large group swept through the mountain range like an unstoppable tsunami, easily cutting through every beast in their path.
After an hour, they reached the depths of the mountain range.
A high-spirited Xiao Tianxuan led the Saint Remains squad, standing on a hill as he looked to his front where an enormous mountain valley lay. The valley was dyed in a silver black luster, while howling wind and muffled thunder originated from within.
By this time, the beast packs that were originally stationed outside the valley had already been cleaned up.
“That grade 4 Wind Thunder Beast is in this valley.” Fear flitted across Gu Ling’s face as she gazed into the depths of the valley. If not for their numbers, none of them would dare to provoke a grade 4 Genesis Beast.
Let alone the fact that this grade 4 Genesis Beast knew a little Heaven Genesis technique.
Behind Xiao Tianxuan, one of the advance Heaven Gate stage members said, “Squad leader, I don’t think any of us will be able to withstand the little Heaven Genesis technique of that Wind Thunder Beast.”
The others nodded. Thirty advance Heaven Gate practitioners might seem impressive, but a single mistake was all it would take for their entire group to be wiped out by a little Heaven Genesis technique.
Xiao Tianxuan smiled faintly and replied, “If it does use the little Heaven Genesis technique, I will naturally have a way to deal with it.”
The sight of his confident appearance made the others secretly breathe a sigh of relief. If Xiao Tianxuan had been planning on paying for victory with their lives, none of them would accompany him any further.
Fortunately, it seemed that Xiao Tianxuan did live up to his junior city lord status, and had some powerful trump cards in his arsenal.
Xiao Tianxuan instructed, “Prepare to draw out the Wind Thunder Beast as planned.”
One of the members responded, and began to very carefully approach the mountain valley.
Zhou Yuan was seated in a mountain forest some distance away, his eyes narrowing slightly as he observed this scene. He knew that it was not time to act yet...
“Xiao Tianxuan, show me just what kind of tricks you have up your sleeve…”
Roar!
When the Saint Remains scouting member neared the valley, an irritated roar rang out from within. The roar was akin to thunder, violently shaking the sides of the valley.
The advance Heaven Gate scouting member turned deathly pale, no hesitation whatsoever as he turned and fled.
Swish!
However, the moment his body turned around, a bolt of lightning shot out from the valley and appeared right behind him in a flash. A black shadow descended as a claw suffused with lightning viciously smacked the scout’s body.
Bang!
A muffled sound rang out and the scouting member vomited a mouthful of blood. His body crashed into the ground like a cannonball, creating a deep pit. No one knew whether he was dead or alive.
Roar!
Only at this moment was everyone finally able to get a clear view of the creature. It was a giant of beast, a dozen feet tall, while lightning cackled at its feet. Its body stood tall and straight, but its head was that of a green ox. Lightning danced on its body and gales emerged as it breathed.
It was the grade 4 Genesis Beast, the Wind Thunder Beast.
Berserk Genesis Qi undulations pulsed from its body like thunder, shaking the surrounding space.
An astonishing and ferocious aura filled the area.
The expressions of the crowd watching from far away could not help but change as some of them involuntarily stepped back. The aura of a grade 4 Genesis Beast was too unbearable for them.
Xiao Tianxuan’s expression had also turned a little graver. He did not back down however, but instead made a grabbing motion and a long dim red spear appeared within his hand.
Lava seemed to drip from the scarlet-red spear. With the spear in his hand, Xiao Tianxuan’s aura seemed to steadily rise.
“It’s Saint Remains City’s Fire Devil Spear, a high grade Black Genesis Weapon. Never imagined that it would be in Xiao Tianxuan’s possession.”
“Well, only a high grade Black Genesis Weapon will be able to do damage to the grade 4 Wind Thunder Beast.”
“......”
Whispers spread in the mountain forests.
Xiao Tianxuan’s rapidly rising aura made the other Saint Remains squad members regain their wits. They immediately gritted their teeth and retrieved their weapons. Genesis Qi surged, showing that every weapon had reached the Black tier.
Formidable aura after aura began to rise, drawing the Wind Thunder Beast’s attention as the wind and lightning around it intensified.
Roar!
It roared, treading on wind and lightning as it transformed into a flash of lightning that bolted straight for Xiao Tianxuan. It could also sense that the latter’s threat towards it seemed to be the greatest of the bunch.
Rumble!
The charge of a grade 4 Genesis Beast was extremely intimidating, wind and lightning blasting at the air around it.
Xiao Tianxuan did not panic as he watched the menacing Wind Thunder Beast rapidly approach. Instead, he waved his hand, signalling for everyone to scatter while he remained where he stood.
Lightning rumbled, blasting the mountain top Xiao Tianxuan was at.
Boom!
The entire mountain top crumbled. The ferocious charge of the Wind Thunder Beast was practically akin to natural disaster.
Swoosh!
Xiao Tianxuan’s figure rose into the air as he clenched his fist. Everyone watched as a ball of mud appeared in his hand, mud which seemed to be covered in profound and mysterious patterns.
The mud in Xiao Tianxuan’s hand poured down, transforming into a deep yellow waterfall that fell from the sky and landed on the Wind Thunder Beast’s enormous body.
The mud rapidly solidified the moment it came into contact with the Wind Thunder Beast. It seemed to be insanely heavy, instantly suppressing the beast’s speed.
Roar roar!
The Wind Thunder Beast roared madly, wind and lightning arcing across its body. However, the scattered mud immediately regrouped as if it was an immortal entity.
In a split second, Xiao Tianxuan had displayed one of his cards, restricting the Wind Thunder Beast’s most troublesome speed.
Zhou Yuan’s pupils shrank when he saw this scene as his expression became a little graver. “That mud… it seems to be the Mysterious Heavy Mud?”
Mysterious Heavy Mud was a kind of Genesis Treasure. It was not easy to manufacture, very pricey and a one-time use item.
Xiao Tianxuan’s Mysterious Heavy Mud likely cost several hundred thousand Genesis crystals.
Once one came in contact with the mud, not only would it feel as if there was a heavy mountain on one’s back, one would also need to constantly disperse the mud using one’s Genesis Qi. If the mud was allowed to grow, it would eventually cover one’s entire body, creating a mud prison.
Zhou Yuan muttered to himself, “This guy has really made ample preparations. In fact, it seems that they are highly likely to succeed in hunting this grade 4 Wind Thunder Beast…”
Soon after, he softly chuckled.
A situation like this was something he was more than happy to see. A one-sided slaughter by the Wind Thunder Beast was boring after all, and a close fight between the sandpiper and the clam was exactly what a fisherman like him needed to strike at the most optimal opportunity.

