Chapter 180 Green Flood
“So this is the inside of the Saint tower…”
Inside the Saint tower, Zhou Yuan lifted his head, astonishment involuntarily appearing on his face as he gazed upon the seemingly endless majestic mountain that had appeared before his eyes.
The giant mountain gave off a sacred glow, faint mists swirling around it. The peak was hidden in the mists that no one present was able to peer through.
38 figures stood on Genesis Qi as they floated at the foot of the mountain, their heads tilted upwards to gaze upon it.
To their front was an enormous stone staircase. Every step was taller than a person, and the steps continuously extended upwards all the way to the ends of one’s sight. From a distance, it looked akin to a coiling green dragon.
The stone was old and discolored, and seemed to contain a mysterious aura.
This was also the only path to the mountain peak on the entire Saint mountain.
“It seems that to obtain the greatest blessing, we can only ascend the peak via this stone staircase.” Luluo cupped her hands over her eyes as she gazed at the seemingly endless giant stone staircase.
Zhou Yuan also stared at the stone staircase and said, “I’m afraid that it will not be so easy to pass through this stone staircase.”
With his Spirit senses, he could faintly feel dangerous undulations from it.
The others nodded. Although their Spirit senses were not as sharp as Zhou Yuan’s, anyone would understand after some thought. How could the final test be easy?
“The Saint tower is fading?” Zuoqiu Qingyu suddenly cried out in shock.
Zhou Yuan and the rest raised their heads. Sure enough, they saw the Saint tower they had entered begin to turn transparent. As such, the scenery inside was soon exposed to the numerous geniuses watching outside.
Though the tower had become transparent, it still existed as if protecting the Saint mountain.
This change also landed in the eyes of the countless geniuses in the Saint Remains Domain, causing them to explode into numerous cries of surprise.
"Is that the interior of the Saint tower?"
"Could that mountain be the final test to enter the sacred grounds?"
"It seems rather simple, no?"
"How can the final test be easy. Just wait and see, things should get exciting soon…"
The countless whispers outside were naturally not heard by those inside the tower. What's more, all of their attention was currently on the mysterious staircase.
38 figures temporarily fell silent. The silence lasted for quite some time before someone's patience finally hit its limit. He flew forward with extreme caution and landed on the stone staircase.
The geniuses on the step protected his body with his Genesis Qi. However, no traps appeared like everyone had expected. The one on the step was completely safe...
"He's fine?"
The genius was stunned for a moment, before his eyes lit up with joy. His figure moved again, beginning to climb the enormous stone steps.
His actions sparked everyone else into movement. They gritted their teeth, landing one after another on the stone steps with swishing wind sounds.
Upon seeing this, Zhou Yuan looked towards Yaoyao and the rest as he said, “We should go too. Everyone be careful. This place is likely not so simple.”
The rest of the gang naturally nodded.
Thus, their group also moved, landing on the giant stone staircase.
In less than a minute, everyone had arrived on the stone steps. Next, they very carefully leaped into the air, climbing step after step as they swiftly ascended.
“Seems… that there is really no danger?” Nothing happened after several minutes. One of the geniuses could no longer wait, Genesis Qi exploding beneath his feet as his speed rapidly rose. He darted up like a shadow, crossing a dozen steps in a short few breaths.
Luluo was also a little unable to hold back upon seeing this, intending to increase her speed too.
Just as her figure was about to burst forward however, Zhou Yuan grabbed her wrist. He raised his head and looked towards the end of the stone steps and said, “Something’s wrong. Don’t be rash.”
The moment Zhou Yuan’s words faded, everyone faintly felt the land tremble slightly.
Yaoyao stared at the end of the steps and suddenly said, “Something’s coming down.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes widened a little. He took a closer look and sure enough, he caught sight up green light pouring down from the end of the stone steps...
Rumble!
The shaking of the land grew more and more obvious. Soon, Zhou Yuan and the rest were finally able to get a clear view. A green flood was crashing down from the end of the steps.
The green flood was boundless, endless, as if everything would be destroyed when it passed through.
“It’s… a Genesis Qi flood!” Zhou Yuan’s pupils shrank, a sliver of shock and alarm in his voice.
When such a vast Genesis Qi flood crashed downwards, it was an earth-shaking sight.
In the face of the flood, Zhou Yuan and the rest were ain to ants.
Zhou Yuan’s expression was grave as he urgently shouted, “Quick, avoid or defend!”
Boom!
By this time, the green Genesis Qi flood had already arrived. The genius at the very front was the first to face it...
ARGHHH!
All he had time for was a miserable shriek. Though he had immediately summoned his Genesis Qi to defend, he was instantly swept away by the flood, ultimately washed off the stone steps as the flood continued to surged past...
The green flood did not stop, wrapping around him as a part of it blasted out of the Saint tower and threw him towards the Saint Remains Domain.
“He’s be thrown out of the Saint tower!” An icy sensation filled everyone’s hearts when they saw this. It turns out that you will lose the right to contest for the greatest blessing if you leave the stone steps.
Now, no one dared to hold any more contempt for the steps.
Rumble!
The flood rapidly expanded in Zhou Yuan’s eyes. With a deep breath, a rune appeared on his palm, light erupting from it as it transformed into a 10 feet tall tortoise shell light rune.
“Grade 3 Genesis Rune, Mighty Tortoise Shell!”
His foot also slammed into the ground, Genesis Qi surging below his soles to glue him to the ground.
Boom!
The moment Zhou Yuan was finished, the green flood arrived. It slammed into the tortoise shell rune, immediately causing it to shake violently...
An indescribable force pushed Zhou Yuan’s feet a whole step back, but instantly steeled himself and persistently endured.
“What a frightening assault!”
Veins popped up on his forehead as dark gold Genesis Qi began to surge out of his body, pushing back against the endless, limitless force.
It felt like a tsunami was crushing him while walking on the stone steps.
“It is indeed not going to be easy to reach the peak. I don’t even dare to let my attention stray, let alone ascending to the top which I can’t even see yet…” Zhou Yuan let out a bitter laugh.
His gaze did a quick scan. Nearby, Luluo, Zuoqiu Qingyu, Zhen Xu and the rest were using their own means to endure the battering of the green flood.
Further to the front, Wu Huang, Ye Ming, Li Chunjun and the rest were also engaging various methods.
Miserable shrieks could be heard from time to time, indicating someone was no longer able to endure and had been washed straight out of the Saint tower by the flood...
“I need to first get used to this green flood before I think about climbing.”
Zhou Yuan gradually calmed down, but his expression abruptly changed a split second later. His gaze urgently swept around the place, because he had realised he was unable to find Yaoyao’s figure on the stone steps!
Had she been washed out of the tower by the green flood?!

