Chapter 99 King Qi Besieges the City
Rumble!
The entire courtyard shuddered at this moment.
Dark gold Genesis Qi curled around Zhou Yuan’s body. Within the Genesis Qi, one could barely make out the figure of a giant golden python hissing at the heavens as an astonishing pressure unfurled from Zhou Yuan’s body.
Crack!
Cracks gradually grew on the stone pavilion he was in due to the pressure from the dark gold Genesis Qi.
This pressure continued for quite some time before gradually receding. Zhou Yuan slowly lowered his head, blankly staring at his palms as he felt the power that was currently surging in his body.
Such power was incomparable to before.
With a thought, he submerged himself into his Qi Dwelling, only to see that the originally pure Genesis Qi within had now completely transformed into dark gold Genesis Qi. As the dark gold Genesis Qi flowed, one could faintly make out the silhouette of a golden python.
His blood-red Qi Dwelling emitted rays of light that constantly tempered and refined the dark gold Genesis Qi.
“This is the Omni Python Qi?”
Zhou Yuan lowered his head as dark gold Genesis Qi swirled on his hand. He could feel that the power of his Genesis Qi was several times greater than before he had learnt any Qi cultivation method.
Zhou Yuan was confident that if he fought Qi Hao now, he would not even need to use the Heavenly Yuan Brush to easily suppress the latter.
Confidence surged in Zhou Yuan’s eyes as he mumbled to himself, “I’m practically invincible amongst the Qi Nourishing stage.”
Yaoyao carried Tuntun as she walked over from the side, her clear eyes focusing on Zhou Yuan. It was a long while later before she slowly said, “Starting now, you have truly become a practitioner of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture.”
Now that the first level of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture had been learnt, it was no longer possible to reverse the process.
Zhou Yuan’s expression was solemn as he nodded. “Big sis Yaoyao, when will I be able to cultivate the second level of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture?”
The first level Omni Python Qi was a grade 5 Genesis Qi. It may be top-tier in the Great Zhou Empire, but Zhou Yuan’s sights were set on a much further place, where the advantage of a grade 5 Genesis Qi would perhaps be much less apparent.
If Zhou Yuan was able to cultivate the second level of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture, the grade 7 World Subduing Heavenly Serpent Qi, he would truly possess the qualifications to stand proud in this world.
Even in this huge world, Grade 7 Genesis Qi could be considered the apex.
Yaoyao stroked Tuntun as her red lips parted slightly. “The Ancestral Dragon Scripture is not as easy you think. The first level is the most basic and the second will be over a dozen times more difficult.”
Zhou Yuan’s heart shook slightly. He had already gone through all kinds of complications and difficulties for the first level. If the second level was even harder, who knew just when he would be able to access it.
“Since time immemorial, only one person has managed to practice the third level of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture.”
The expression in Zhou Yuan’s eyes turned grave. The third level of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture was the grade 9 Galaxy Sacred Dragon Qi. Grade 9… he really wondered just what kind of amazing genius had achieved such heights.
Such a person would have surely awed the entire world, right?
“Truthfully speaking, I do not know how the Ancestral Dragon Scripture will level up, but it seems to be related to one’s strength.” Yaoyao seemed to think for a while before she slowly said, “I believe that there may also be an important juncture of sorts.”
“What kind of important juncture?”
Yaoyao was silent for some time, before she answered, “The day you take back the sacred dragon blessing that once belonged to you.”
She stared at Zhou Yuan as she continued, “This may be the path that you will have to step on once again, a path that belongs to you, the path of the sacred dragon!”
Zhou Yuan’s heart churned violently as his five fingers slowly closed. With a deep breath, he gave a little nod. “I understand.”
As he suppressed the intense emotions in his heart, he said, “I will personally take back all that I’ve lost!”
He then raised his head and gazed into the distance, a fire now burning within his eyes.
Clap clap!
Clapping suddenly sounded at this moment. Zhou Yuan lifted his head and looked over, only to see Zhou Qing and Qin Yu standing just outside the door looking at him in with joy on their faces.
They had evidently rushed over after sensing the disturbance caused by Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi earlier.
“Father, mother.” Zhou Yuan quelled his emotions as he smiled at the two.
“Is this the grade 5 Genesis Qi you cultivated? It is indeed extraordinary.” Zhou Qing quickly walked over as he observed the surging dark gold Genesis Qi around Zhou Yuan. The former could sense the amazing power within.
It was clear that this Genesis Qi of Zhou Yuan’s was even stronger than their royal clan’s Flame-Thunder Qi.
“Yuan’er is amazing.” Qin Yu stroked Zhou Yuan’s hair, her expression a mixture of tenderness and pride.
When Zhou Yuan returned to Great Zhou City, he had passed a Jade Infant Fruit to Qin Yu for her to consume. Thus, her complexion was much better than before, her cheeks now a healthy rosy color. The life force she had used up previously had also gradually began to recover.
“Now that you’ve cultivated a Genesis Qi, you will be able to rely on your own abilities to suppress the Dragon’s Resentment Poison if an outbreak occurs in future. Our hearts can finally be at ease.” As she spoke, Qin Yu’s eyes turned a little red.
Zhou Yuan’s Dragon’s Resentment Poison had been akin to a festering wound in their hearts for a dozen years.
Fortunately, the current Zhou Yuan had finally overcome the most difficult period.
Zhou Yuan grasped Qin Yu’s hands and consoled her with a smile.
“Father, has there been any movement from king Qi recently?” Zhou Yuan’s expression turned serious as he looked towards Zhou Qing. Although he really wanted to immediately take back the sacred dragon blessing, he understood that he had to take things one step at a time. The calamity that had befallen them so many years ago had already caused him to lag behind others. Therefore, what he needed to do now was to unrelentlessly give chase and close the gap between them.
Of course, if he was unable to even resolve king Qi’s rebellion, there might not even be a future for him.
Zhou Qing frowned when he heard this. “Qi Manor is still rather quiet, and the only thing king Qi has been doing is continuing to gather his troops. I’m afraid that it was be as he has declared, their army will arrive at Great Zhou City after two days.”
King Qi clearly knew that they had over three Alpha-Origin experts stationed in the city. Yet he still dared to openly make a declaration of war. Such actions made Zhou Qing feel that something was amiss.
Zhou Yuan slowly said, “It seems that Great Wu has given king Qi an insane amount of support. We have to be more cautious.”
Zhou Qing nodded as chillingly cold light surged within his eyes. “No matter how much support king Qi has obtained, we have no other path left to take.”
Zhou Qing had already gone through the destruction of an empire once, and did not plan on repeating this experience. Thus, he would not let such events happen again regardless of the price.
If all else failed, he was even willing to die together with king Qi after ensuring that Zhou Yuan had escaped.
Zhou Yuan nodded as murder also rose in his eyes. This time, he would definitely eliminate the cancer-like king Qi and allow peace to return to Great Zhou. Or else, a Great Zhou plagued by inner turmoil will never be able to match the Great Wu Empire.
No matter what, king Qi must die!
...
In the following two days, countless gazes from the entire Great Zhou Empire were concentrated on king Qi. Under their attention, king Qi finally moved on the ninth day.
Just as he had said in his declaration of war, king Qi did not attack any other location. His great army swarmed straight towards Great Zhou City.
On the other side, many soldiers had gathered in Great Zhou City, forming a practically impenetrable fortress in preparation for the upcoming battle.
In addition, the three Alpha-Origin experts, Zhou Qing, Wei Canglan and the Black Venom King personally took to the field to calm to hearts of the people.
Every pair of eyes in the entire Great Zhou had converged on Great Zhou City.
Under their attention, the tenth day arrived. Everyone could feel the land tremble as a black mass of troops that extended to the end of one’s sights flood towards Great Zhou City.
Killing intent enveloped the entire city.
King Qi’s attack had finally come just as he had declared.

