Chapter 97 Declaration of War
Qi Manor’s rebellion together with their declaration to establish the Great Qi Empire undoubtedly set off towering waves that swept across the entire Great Zhou Empire. Everyone feared that the events from many years ago would replay once again. For a time, everyone’s hearts were shrouded in trepidation.
It was at this time however that Wei Canglan appeared in Great Zhou City and announced with his status as the great general of the Great Zhou Empire that Qi Manor were rebels and will be dealt with using force.
Wei Canglan was a well known and respected figure in the Great Zhou Empire. It was only because he had not left Canglan County for the past few years that rumours that he and the royal clan were at odds had spread. His appearance immediately dispelled these rumours, while also slightly easing the troubled hearts of the citizens.
After Wei Canglan, the Black Venom King also made an appearance and proclaimed that Black Venom City had submitted to the Great Zhou Empire.
News of this caused wave after wave of uproar to spread. Who did not know of the infamous Black Venom City that constantly infringed on Great Zhou borders, but who could have imagined that such a ferocious character would chose to submit to Great Zhou at this juncture.
Although the news stupefied countless people, it also gave everyone a little more confidence in the Great Zhou royal clan. Hence, the people’s hearts were put at ease.
While the addition of Wei Canglan and the Black Venom King bolstered the Great Zhou Empire’s might and reputation, there was not even the slightest hint of any response from Qi Manor. They latter merely continued to train their forces as if completely unaffected.
King Qi, Qi Yuan, even sent out a declaration of war.
“Our troops will arrive at Great Zhou City after ten days.”
This declaration immediately caused countless uproars. From the looks of it, Qi Yuan intended to tackle the root of the problem. Once Great Zhou City was breached, it was easy to imagine the fate of the royal clan.
Great Zhou would be overthrown.
The only thing that everyone did not understand was that since there were now three Alpha-Origin experts stationed in Great Zhou City, just where did Qi Yuan find the confidence to make such a declaration of war?
...
“Troops will arrive at Great Zhou City after ten days…”
In a certain courtyard, Zhou Yuan gazed at the declaration of war in his hands as a look of thought flitted across his eyes. This declaration clearly represented Qi Yuan’s confidence.
Without this confidence, Qi Yuan the declaration would instead become a huge blow to his reputation if he ended up failing.
“Looks like he has obtained a tremendous amount of support from the Great Wu Empire.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes flashed coldly as he mumbled to himself in a hair raising voice, “The crown prince of Great Wu that stole my blessing seems to really dislike me having peaceful days.”
Regardless of the support king Qi had obtained, the only choice they had was to respond with force and counter each move as it came.
Zhou Yuan breathed in deeply, suppressing the feelings in his heart. The most important thing he had to do now was to learn the first level of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture and cultivate the Omni Python Qi.
Once he cultivated this Genesis Qi, he would have truly stepped into the the realm of the Qi Nourishing stage.
He did not have the time to do so previously because he had been rushing back to Great Zhou City, so the current moment was the most opportune.
“Are you ready?” A melodious voice was transmitted from the side. Yaoyao was seated to one side, carrying Tuntun as she stared at Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan solemnly nodded. Without further ado, he gently patted his Universe bag and several flashes of light flew out, landing on the stone table before him.
Heavenly Gold Marrow.
Nine Underworld Black Spring Crystal.
Genesis Swallowing Rock.
Grade 4 python-type beast spirit.
Zhou Yuan could not help but breath a sigh of relief as he admired the four Genesis materials before him. He had finally gathered everything after investing so much effort and time.
Excitement gradually gushed out in his eyes together with anticipation.
This was a day Zhou Yuan had been looking forward to ever since he obtained the Ancestral Dragon Scripture.
He looked towards Yaoyao and gave her a slight nod, before his expression grew solemn. With a pat of his Universe bag, a mysterious mottled bone piece appeared in his hand.
An indescribable presence spread from the bone piece.
Growl!
Tuntun suddenly jumped out of Yaoyao’s arms and emitted a low growl. Faint scarlet light seemed to flow on its now rigidly raised fur as if it was about to transform into battle mode.
Even though Tuntun had encountered the bone piece previously, it still displayed a deep wariness at the mysterious bone piece.
Zhou Yuan glanced at the clearly agitated Tuntun. Even a mysterious Genesis Beast like it was so wary of the Ancestral Dragon bone piece. One could imagine just how powerful the legendary Ancestral Dragon was.
“To obtain the Ancestral Dragon Scripture within the Ancestral Dragon bone, one needs to use a dragon type blessing as the key…”
Zhou Yuan was somewhat nervous as he raised the hand on which the Dragon’s Resentment Poison had entrenched itself. The sacred dragon blessing that originally belonged to him had been stolen by Great Wu’s python and sparrow. The current him could only try to use the Dragon’s Resentment Poison as the key. If he failed, it could be said that the paths of himself and the Ancestral Dragon Scripture were not fated to meet.
Upon seeing the nervousness in his eyes, Yaoyao frowned a little and said, “Don’t worry. Since I’ve said it will work, it will definitely work!”
Zhou Yuan let out an awkward laugh. Soon after, he began gathering his concentration. Without further ado, the hand that contained the Dragon’s Resentment Poison slowly tightened around the Ancestral Dragon bone piece.
The moment the Ancestral Dragon bone piece came into contact with the Dragon’s Resentment Poison on his palm, Zhou Yuan immediately sensed faint runes of light emerge on the mottled bone piece.
These runes seemed breathe, pulsing between strong and weak.
The blood-red Dragon’s Resentment Poison on Zhou Yuan’s palm began to squirm as if it had been attracted by something. Strands of blood-red tunnelled out from his palm and poured into the Ancestral Dragon bone.
The runes on the Ancestral Dragon bone grew even brighter as an extremely ancient dragon roar seemed to cross time and space, echoing from the dragon bone.
All noise began to fade from the courtyard.
The Ancestral Dragon bone shook violently at this moment. A split second later, a mysterious light shot out from within, flashing through the air as it shot into the spot between Zhou Yuan’s brows.
Boom!
A deep booming sound resounded within Zhou Yuan’s mind.
Zhou Yuan’s Spirit trembled as if it had now arrived at the formless mass that existed before creation itself, a time when the heavens and earth had yet to be born.  All of a sudden, a life form was born within the primal chaos, its body tremendous beyond imagination.
It was the Ancestral Dragon!
The Ancestral Dragon roared, blasting apart the primal chaos, an act akin to the creation of a new world.
It slowly lifted its head, titanic eyes flickering with the glow of primal chaos as it seemingly caught sight of Zhou Yuan. In the next instant, the light of primal chaos shot out from its eyes and headed straight for the latter.
Boom!
The light of primal chaos instantly scattered Zhou Yuan’s Spirit.
Zhou Yuan’s tightly shut eyes abruptly opened at this moment, sweat dripping from his body. Although he did not know if what his Spirit had seen earlier was real, the pressure he had felt had almost destroyed him.
If he had not constantly practiced the Primal Chaos Divine Grindstone Visualisation Method that honed his will to overcome great terror and tempered himself, it was likely that his Spirit would have dispersed the moment the Ancestral Dragon looked at him.
However… he had managed to withstand its gaze.
Zhou Yuan extended a faintly trembling finger and gently felt the area between his brows as a smile of uncontrollable excitement emerged from the corners of his lips.
A certain Qi cultivation method was currently flowing within his mind. It was the Qi cultivation method for the Omni Python Qi.
At long last, he had finally obtained the Ancestral Dragon Scripture.

