Chapter 260 Secret
The date of the peak selection ceremony grew closer every day.
The outer mountains were bathed in an atmosphere of desperate training, everyone making full use of every second they had in hopes of making themselves just a tiny bit stronger before the arrival of the peak selection ceremony.
After all, everyone clearly understood what it represented; their future prospects.
They had travelled millions of miles, and crossed uncountable continents just for the chance of entering the Cangxuan Sect. If they were unable to grasp this opportunity to enter the inner mountains, they would surely have to wait a long time for their next chance. Even if they managed to succeed then, they would have already lost the most ideal timing, and those of the same generation would have likely long left them in the dust.
Hence, not a single person in the outer mountains could relax in the face of such an important event.
Zhou Yuan was no exception.
By the mountain creek, Zhou Yuan was seated with his eyes closed as robust gold Genesis Qi whizzed around his body. One would see three swirling torrents of Genesis Qi in which the barely discernible figures of three beasts could be seen. A savage and domineering aura spread from them along with the faint echoes of dragon roars.
Rumble!
The three torrents of Genesis Qi shuddered, cracks suddenly appearing on the boulder Zhou Yuan was seated on as muffled explosions rang out in the air.
Zhou Yuan’s tightly shut eyes slowly opened, light blossoming within them before gradually receding.
He spat out a breath as faint joy sparkled in his eyes. After half a month of training, he had finally refined the three dragon type Genesis Beast essence blood, successfully cultivating three Nine Dragons Canon Genesis Qi.
The only thing he needed to do next was to break them in. These three Nine Dragons Canon Genesis Qi definitely possessed overwhelming power.
“It seems that you’ve reached the initial level of the Nine Dragons Canon.” While Zhou Yuan was appreciating his progress, a figure in red flew over, bringing along a slight fragrance. Gu Hongyi stood in front of Zhou Yuan with a wide grin.
Zhou Yuan glanced at her and smiled, “The Shengzhou and non Shengzhou disciples have been on pretty bad terms recently, and yet you still come here everyday.”
Over this period of time, she did as she wanted, coming to receive guidance from Zhou Yuan in the Ethereal Form technique. She was clearly not the least bit affected by the disagreements between the disciples on both sides.
Gu Hongyi pouted a little. “What do such meaningless conflicts have to do with me?”
She understood that the Shengzhou disciples believed a little too deeply that they were superior to others, while the non Shengzhou disciples whom were prided geniuses in their respective continents were naturally proud individuals. Contact between the two parties would naturally result in conflict.
With regards to such conflicts, she neither had the power to stop them, not did she want to interfere.
Zhou Yuan said, “If everyone was like you, these troubles would naturally cease to exist.”
Although Gu Hongyi was also a proud individual, she did not bully and humiliate others by relying on her background. This was something Zhou Yuan admired about her.
Gu Hongyi sat down in front of Zhou Yuan as she inquired with interest, “After the peak selection ceremony, which peak do you want to enter?”
Zhou Yuan was taken aback. He did not answer, but asked instead, “What about you?”
Gu Hongyi placed a hand on her chin as she answered, “Of course I want to enter the Cangxuan Peak. It’s the peak where the sect master resides, and can be said to be one of the most popular peaks amongst the disciples.”
Zhou Yuan asked in surprise, “Isn’t your old ancestor the master of the Hongya Peak?”
Gu Hongyi frowned. “The Hongya Peak specializes in external tempering techniques, and everyone there is covered all over in metal lump like muscles, so ugly. I’ll never go to the Hongya Peak.”
Zhou Yuan was stunned. Once Genesis Qi cultivation reached a certain level, it would be divided into internal and external tempering. Internal tempering referred to the cultivation of Genesis Qi in the Qi Dwelling, making it magnificent as a river of stars, boundless and endless.
External tempering on the other hand referred to using Genesis Qi to temper the body. The fusion of the two would allow one to shatter the sky and land with one’s bare hands and feet. It was said that at the pinnacle, one’s body would achieve the Saint level, a realm where a single flick was enough to shatter stars.
However, regardless of whether it was internal or external, one’s cultivation first needed to reach a certain level. At the very least, the current Zhou Yuan did not have the qualifications, because he lacked sufficient Genesis Qi. There was no point mentioning internal or external tempering when even his Qi Dwelling had yet to be filled.
Zhou Yuan curiously asked, “What about the other peaks?”
Gu Hongyi laughed and explained, “The Sword Cometh Peak for example focuses on using one’s Genesis Qi to nourish the sword, allowing it to transform into sword Qi. Their attacks are sharp and deadly, with the potential to cut the milky way. With regards to sharpness, they are said to be the number one in the Cangxuan Sect.”
“Hence why the Sword Cometh Peak is also extremely popular amongst the disciples.”
Zhou Yuan’s pupils spun a little. Lu Feng had previously mentioned he had a high ranking senior in the Sword Cometh Peak.
Gu Hongyi carefully scanned the surroundings, before she said in a low voice, “From what I know, the master of Sword Cometh Peak was a servant boy under patriarch Cangxuan.”
“It was only later on after listening to the patriarch lecture about the dao, and obtaining the patriarch’s personal sword did he establish the Sword Cometh Peak after the patriarch died.”
“But the patriarch has never mentioned taking him as a disciple. So strictly speaking, he is not truly considered part of the Cangxuan Sect’s lineage.”
“You should take note never to mention the words servant boy in front of this peak master, because it is taboo.”
Zhou Yuan was taken aback. He never imagined that the master of Sword Cometh Peak was not actually a disciple of patriarch Cangxuan, but a servant boy under the latter’s employ. This was likely a deeply kept secret of the Cangxuan Sect, a secret that Gu Hongyi would not have known if her old ancestor was not the peak master of the Hongya Peak.
“Are all the other peak masters disciples of patriarch Cangxuan?” Asked Zhou Yuan.
“Patriarch Cangxuan has only taken four disciples. Our current sect master is his first disciple, while my old ancestor and the masters of the Spirit Rune Peak and Snow Lotus Peak respectively are the other three.”
“What about the Thunder Prison Peak?” Zhou Yuan realised that Gu Hongyi had left out this peak.
“The master of Thunder Prison Peak huh… this individual is likely the most senior person in the Cangxuan Sect.” Gu Hongyi said in a low voice, “He too is not a disciple of patriarch Cang Xuan, but used to be one of the patriarch’s old friends. When the patriarch established the Cangxuan Sect many many years ago, this old friend of his came to join. The patriarch gave him many pointers and guidance, allowing him to reach greater heights in his cultivation. Later on, he established the Thunder Prison Peak, and took charge of the Cangxuan Sect’s law enforcement and punishment duties.”
Zhou Yuan gave a slight nod. He had not expected that there would be such interesting stories behind the seven peaks.
However, the complexity of the situation made Zhou Yuan rather wary. Back in the Saint Remains Domain, patriarch Cang Xuan had once ambiguously hinted that part of the reason for his death was that there may be a mole in the Cangxuan Sect.
It may perhaps only be patriarch Cang Xuan’s guess, hence why he had been so uncertain.
Regardless, Zhou Yuan felt that it would not hurt to be a little more cautious.
“Eh, there’s still one last peak, the Saint Genesis Peak. It’s the most unique peak in the Cangxuan Sect, because it used to be the place patriarch Cang Xuan secluded himself in. The main peak was sealed for many years after patriarch Cang Xuan’s death, causing it to decline. Very few disciples will choose this peak.” Added Gu Hongyi.
Zhou Yuan nodded. Just as he was about to speak, his expression suddenly changed slightly as he lifted his head, and looked in a certain direction where a slight disturbance was suddenly felt.
Zhou Yuan cast his gaze over, only to see the numerous disciples training there retreat like the tide, alarm and fear on their faces.
He frowned slightly as he stood up, and saw a young lady in black slowly walked through the now parted mass of disciples.
The young lady had beautiful features, and her skin was as white as snow. Her eyebrows, however, gave off a sharp and cold feeling. In her hand was a long sword with a green edge.
Zhou Yuan’s gaze finally came to a stop at her tiny waist, where a golden sash outlined its slenderness.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes widened a little.
An inner mountain golden sash disciple.
Gu Hongyi also caught sight of the young lady at this moment. Her shapely eyebrows immediately bunched together as she slowly muttered, “Why is she here?”
“Who is she?” Asked Zhou Yuan.
Gu Hongyi helplessly shot a look at him and said, “Lu Xuanyin, a golden sash disciple from the Sword Cometh Peak.”
Zhou Yuan instantly understood.
This must be the elder sister of his clan that Lu Feng had mentioned before.
Looks like this was not going to be a friendly guest.

