Chapter 196 The First
Froohm!
The scarlet-red dragon breath unfurled, barging through the white jade plaza as it left behind a long black scar and melted white jade wherever it passed.
The dragon breath had completely engulfed Zhou Yuan...
Everyone both inside and outside of the Saint Remains Domain fell silent, before bursting out into numerous regretful sighs. Zhou Yuan was really too foolish. It was unbelievable for him to meet that attack head-on.
“The young are always so foolhardy. If only he had chosen to yield this one time and wait for another chance in the future.”
“Once you lose your life, there will be no more chances for you.”
“To have pushed Wu Huang so far is actually already be a victory for him.”
Everyone shook their heads.
Mu Wuji tightly gripped his pipe, wishing that Zhou Yuan could have been more level-headed as he said through gritted teeth, “Stupid kid, what the hell were you thinking!”
He was truly unable to understand why Zhou Yuan had rushed to his death. Such actions were foolish beyond reason. Where had all the brilliance he had previously displayed gone to?
And now, everything was over.
On the other hand, Zhao Pan breathed a heavy sigh of relief as if every burden had been lifted from his shoulders. He shot a sideways glance at Mu Wuji and snidely said, “What a pity, looks like that brat won’t have the fortune of entering your Cangxuan Sect.”
The corners of Mu Wuji’s mouth twitched as he shot Zhao Pan a venomous glare.
Zhao Pan showed no fear, all smiles as he continued to speak, “Don’t be too heartbroken brother Wuji, even if he did enter the Cangxuan Sect, he will only bring it shame. At least he had a clean death here.”
“You!”
Mu Wuji’s eyes boiled with rage as the boundless Genesis Qi around his body began to soar into the sky, rippling the clouds above.
Zhao Pan grinned nastily, “Does brother Wuji wish to exchange pointers with me here?”
The moment his voice faded, similarly majestic Genesis Qi whizzed out, giving off powerful Genesis Qi undulations.
Although they stood facing each other, ready to fight, neither party attacked in the end. Each gave the other a vicious glare before gradually withdrawing their Genesis Qi. Both clearly understood that this was neither the place nor time.
“Eh?”
All of a sudden, one of the envoy’s eyes concentrated slightly as he said with some hesitation, “There seems to be something strange inside?”
Mu Wuji, Zhao Pan and the rest immediately cast their gazes towards the white jade plaza. A split second later, their pupils abruptly shrank. They seemed to have caught sight of a flash of silver within the scarlet-red dragon breath.
On the white jade plaza.
Wu Huang’s maniacal laughter continued to echo. His eyes were scarlet-red as he gazed at the destruction wreaked by the dragon breath, while the smile on lips grew increasingly chilling and eerie.
“Zhou Yuan, you’ve lost!”
“Tragic and pitiful worm, you were already a failure when you were born, and now you’re still that same failure!”
“You should know by now just who the true dragon is, right?!”
“Haha, don’t worry. I promise that I will hang your corpse on my banner when I crush your Great Zhou Empire. I want to let everyone know how useless the so-called sacred dragon is!”
Wu Huang lifted his head and gazed at the sky as a beautiful figure surfaced in his mind. The proud and noble figure had been branded into his heart, never to be removed.
“Do you see this Wu Yao? I’ve said before that I will prove to you that I am the true dragon!”
“No matter how great your blessings, I believe that I will eventually catch up to you. In this world, only you and I are a perfect fit!”
A sick, crazed look flitted across Wu Huang’s eyes, before he closed them in a somewhat intoxicated manner and took in a deep breath.
“Is that so?”
At this moment, a low voice stealthily sounded.
Wu Huang’s eyes abruptly opened, alarm and doubt within them as he looked towards the scarlet-red dragon breath that was still travelling across the white jade plaza. Next, his pupils suddenly shrank as he saw a flash of silver light shoot out from the dragon breath.
When it passed by, even the dragon breath was forcefully ripped open.
The crazed smile on Wu Huang’s face froze as he cried out in horror, “What?!”
“No! Impossible! How can you be alive!” Howled Wu Huang in disbelief,
His heart was akin to a churning sea, filled with terror and astonishment. Never in his wildest dreams would he have imagined that Zhou Yuan would actually survive the dragon breath!
Countless gazes both inside and outside of the Saint Remains Domain blankly stared at the silver light as they rapidly swallowed their saliva.
Mu Wuji was also dazed. A brief moment later, he pinched his face and mumbled, “Why are the younger generation now all so fierce beyond reason…”
“Blasted, they’re clearly just a mere Heaven Gate practitioner and an Alpha-Origin practitioner… why is their battle even more intense than one between Divine Dwelling experts? My heart can’t take it anymore…”
Under the countless dazed looks, the silver figure swept past, tearing through the scarlet-red dragon breath. In the blink of an eye, it pierced through completely...
Only then did everyone finally get a clear view.
The silver figure was a person clothed in silver armor. The flickering ancient patterns that decorated it gave off a mystical aura, while extremely powerful Genesis Qi undulations violently pulsed from the armor.
Although the silver armor also covered the figure’s face, everyone knew that it was Zhou Yuan!
An ice-cold gaze seemed to shoot out from the silver armor, landing on Wu Huang’s frozen face.
Silver liquid flowed down the armor, clearly an aftereffect of passing through the dragon breath.
Swish!
Without a pause, the silver armor transformed into a flash of silver light that headed straight for Wu Huang.
“Zhou Yuan! You really are like an unbanishable spirit! Die!”
Wu Huang finally returned to his senses and furiously roared. His hands came together as scarlet-red Genesis Qi transformed into a hundred feet wide wall that stood before him with the intention of stopping Zhou Yuan.
However, Zhou Yuan’s figure did not stop, straight like a pencil as he shot forward. Five fingers tightly clenched into a fist that ruthlessly punched at the fire wall.
Bang!
A shockwave of destruction instantly blew apart the wall of flames.
After activating Silver Shadow, Zhou Yuan’s strength had risen dramatically, now so high that it no longer lost to the draconized Wu Huang. Adding in the Saint Rune’s ability to detect vulnerabilities, Wu Huang’s defenses were practically nonexistent before Zhou Yuan.
“Impossible! Impossible!”
Howled Wu Huang as his figure rapidly retreated while frantically sending blast after blast of Genesis Qi at Zhou Yuan.
Bang! Bang!
However, the silver figure dashed through like hot knife through butter, each blast of Genesis Qi blowing apart one after another.
In the short span of several breaths, every single one of Wu Huang’s attacks had been neutralized.
Silver light appeared in front of Wu Huang, the two individuals now a mere few feet from each other. Their gazes met in the air, both a sea of blood red, both filled with cruelness and ferocity.
Wu Huang roared, “Die Zhou Yuan!”
Another burst of Genesis Qi exploded from his body.
This time however, Zhou Yuan did not give the former any chance to attack. In a single step, he appeared beside Wu Huang.
“Wu Huang, I will take back everything your Wu clan has stolen from me…”
“And now, you shall be the first!”
There was no emotion whatsoever in the ice-cold voice that softly sounded by Wu Huang’s ear.
Wu Huang’s pupils violently shrank.
Under the countless watching gazes, Zhou Yuan and Wu Huang’s figures crossed each other.
The entire world seemed to go into slow mo at this moment.

