Chapter 579 Six Color Lake
Swish! Swish!
Several hundred figures charged into the misty mountain forest.
Although the members from the three sects were currently gathered in one big group, they still maintained a certain distance between them, evidently still unable to fully trust each other.
“Go!”
With a low shout, the several hundred member strong group increased their speed, swiftly flying towards the depths of the forest on their Genesis Qi.
When they entered, the faint mist around them still somewhat obstructed their vision. However, their Spirit senses were able to scout a certain distance ahead.
Zhou Yuan was positioned at the very front of the group, the Spirit between his brows vibrating as invisible Spirit power spread to scan the surroundings.
“I sense some disturbances in the surrounding Genesis Qi. The Genesis Beast hidden inside the forest have likely been alerted to our presences. Be careful everyone.” Zhou Yuan’s voice was transmitted into the ears of every Cangxuan Sect disciple with the help of Genesis Qi.
The disciples' expressions shivered when they heard this as Genesis Qi began rising around their bodies. All sorts of Genesis weapons also appeared in their hands, as they vigilantly advanced.
Rumble!
Zhou Yuan’s words were soon verified. The land began to tremble faintly as countless hisses and howls echoed from the depths of the forest.
Roar!
Countless blood-red eyes appeared in the dark depths of the forest. In the next instant, innumerable ferocious Genesis Beasts emerged with thunderous roars, and charged towards the disciples from the three sects.
“Attack!”
The disciples from the three sects did not hesitate. Countless Genesis Qi attacks unfurled, ruthlessly smashing into the incoming beast tide.
Berserk Genesis Qi shockwaves swept outwards, tearing apart the surrounding land.
The stench of blood instantly filled the area.
Faint shrieks rang out from various directions. The other groups that had entered the mountain forest after them had likely encountered similar Genesis Beast attacks.
The disciples of the three sects were elites, and their attacks were naturally exceptionally fierce and deadly. The charging Genesis Beasts were blasted to pieces before they could even reach the hundred feet radius mark around the group.
As the Genesis Beasts were being bombarded to death, strands of Qi infused with different colors rose from their bodies. It was shockingly Mythic Genesis essence.
The Genesis Beast that lived here seemed to have absorbed some Mythic Genesis essence into their bodies.
“Send twenty disciples to collect the Mythic Genesis essence.” Instructed Zhou Yuan. Although this Mythic Genesis essence was beneath his attention, it was very alluring to the other disciples.
At his words, several disciples immediately split off from the group, and quickly collected the Mythic Genesis essence drifting from the corpses as the main group continued to advance.
In this methodological manner, the disciples of the three sects continuously cut through the surging beast tide, as they steadily approached the depths of the forest.
But as they ventured deeper, stronger and stronger Genesis Beasts appeared. As time passed, even the disciples from the three sects began to feel some pressure.
Some of the Genesis Beasts managed to break through the attacks of the disciples, charging at the group to engage in battle with the disciples at the very front.
As both sides clashed, the disciples from the three sects gradually began to sustain some injuries.
At the sight of this, Zhou Yuan prepared to take to the frontlines as well, but was almost immediately stopped by Gu Hongyi.
Gu Hongyi said in a low voice, “Don’t waste your Genesis Qi here, the real battle will be later on, and you need to keep yourself at peak condition. Look at the other two groups, their chief disciples clearly have no intentions of acting now.”
Zhou Yuan’s gaze swept towards the other two teams. Sure enough, both Fan Yao and Tang Xiaoyan were commanding the other disciples from the center of the group, and had no intentions of participating in the battles.
It was exactly as Gu Hongyi had said. They were doing all they could to preserve as much Genesis Qi as possible for the sake of contesting for the final reward.
“Since I can’t use Genesis Qi, I’ll aid everyone with Genesis Runes.” Zhou Yuan fell into thought for a brief moment as he composed himself. Although he could not use Genesis Qi, it did not mean that he would not be able to help out.
Gu Hongyi worriedly said, “Expending your Spirit is not good either.”
“It won’t be a problem, my battle tactics mostly lean towards the usage of Genesis Qi.” Zhou Yuan shook his head. He was different from Jin Zhang after all. Although the latter was also proficient in Genesis Runes, his Genesis Qi cultivation was rather ordinary. As such, Jin Zhang would not dare to casually use his Spirit, while Zhou Yuan did not share such concerns.
These Cangxuan Sect disciples were courageously fighting at his instructions, and were even willing to put their lives on the line. Though they may feel that there was nothing wrong with this, Zhou Yuan wished to put his heart at ease.
With a grasp of his hand, the Heavenly Yuan Brush appeared. The brush tip danced across the air as rune after rune quickly began to take shape.
Swish! Swish!
The Genesis Runes flew forward and landed on the bravely fighting Cangxuan Sect disciples at the very front. Upon contact, the runes rapidly began to extend, amplifying their defensive abilities like a glowing armor. A layer of mysterious light also surged onto their Genesis weapons, giving an extra edge to their attacks.
Zhou Yuan’s actions greatly boosted the morale of the Cangxuan Sect disciples. With the support of these Genesis Runes, they would sustain less damage.
The Cangxuan Sect disciples cast grateful gazes towards Zhou Yuan, before turning back to the tear through the Genesis beast tide, increasing their pace as they pushed towards the central region of the ancient mountain forest.
The other two teams naturally sensed the sudden increase in vigour of the Cangxuan Sect disciples. Their gazes swept towards the latter, immediately seeing the Genesis Runes on the Cangxuan Sect disciples, before turning towards Zhou Yuan, who was positioned at the center of the group.
Envy flowed out in the eyes of the Sacred Palace and Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace disciples. Having someone support them with Genesis Runes at such a time would undoubtedly boost their fighting power.
Unfortunately, although there were some individuals who were also proficient in Genesis Runes on their side, they were far from being as skillful as Zhou Yuan.
In addition, they also understood that their chief disciples were currently preserving their strength, and would not easily use any Genesis Qi. Though Zhou Yuan was using Genesis Runes, it would still somewhat tire his Spirit.
“Humph, trying to put up an act!” A sneer flitted across Fan Yao’s eyes when he saw this. “Are you trying to buy the hearts of the people even at such a time? Unfortunately, you will realize how laughable your actions are when you lose later on.”
On the Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace side, Tang Xiaoyan’s eyes flickered faintly as she said, “Zhou Yuan is quite clever.”
Zhao Ru frowned slightly. “He can’t even recognize what’s important. Every bit of energy he uses now is less energy available when we vie for the six color lake later on. If he fails later on, everyone will only blame him even more.”
Tang Xiaoyan said, “What if he doesn’t mind using up some power here because he has absolute confidence in himself?”
Zhao Ru was stunned, but soon burst out into laughter as disdain flitted across her eyes.
“You think way too highly of him.”
……
The sound of battle filled every corner of the sprawling mountain forest, an endless stream of Genesis Beasts pouring out to stop the invaders. Several powerful Genesis Beasts also began to appear, but fortunately for the three sects, the factions continued to enter from behind, drawing away the attention of the Genesis Beasts.
The disciples of the three sects took this opportunity to push forward even harder. After another incense stick of fighting, Zhou Yuan, Fan Yao and Tang Xiaoyan suddenly lifted their heads at the same time.
Their gazes looked towards a certain spot in excitement, where six color light was flowing in the depths of the forest, as the surrounding Genesis Qi suddenly became lighter and purer.
Gurgle.
The faint sound of travelling water was heard, washing away the tiredness from the fighting disciples.
The three teams increased their pace, and cut through the forest. A split second larger, the view before their eyes abruptly widened, as they found themselves standing on the high ground. To their front was a giant hole that seemed to have been smashed open by a meteor.
The giant hole formed an enormous lake that gave off a six-color glow. Sunlight reflected off its waters, giving off a gorgeous and mysterious gleam.
Everyone’s eyes filled with burning desire as they stared at the six color lake. In fact, they even felt as if the surrounding temperature was beginning to rise.
The six color treasure location was now right before their eyes!

