Chapter 220 Alpha-Origin Heaven
Chapter 220 Alpha-Origin Heaven
*Gurgle*!
Heavenly Genesis Flower after flower swayed on the titanic Genesis Mountain, golden light pulsing in circles. It made the flowers look as if they were made of gold, an exceedingly gorgeous sight indeed.
A fragrance spread, filling the area.
The roots of the flowers dug deep into the mountain, continuously absorbing the Genesis Qi within. Golden flower after flower gradually blossomed, the petals suddenly erupting as boundless and pure Genesis Qi sprayed out.
Numerous golden pollen drifted within the pure Genesis Qi, giving it a strange fragrance.
“Such pure Genesis Qi!” Amazement flitted across Zhou Yuan’s eyes as he watched Genesis Qi stream out of the Heavenly Genesis Flower. He could sense that this Genesis Qi was purer than the normal.
Bzz!
Genesis Qi infused with golden pollen spread. Just as it was about to leave the cultivation platform, the runes on the platforms suddenly began to glow, transforming into a dome of light that sealed off the entire cultivation platform. This prevented the golden pollen Genesis Qi from drifting away.
Thus, the golden pollen Genesis Qi continued to accumulate, gradually engulfing the figures seated in the platforms.
Every disciple hurriedly closed their eyes at this moment, swiftly entering a state of cultivation as they greedily devoured the golden pollen Genesis Qi.
Zhou Yuan likewise also shut his eyes, the Omni Python Qi in his Qi Dwelling slowly beginning to stir. With a hiss, the giant golden python emitted a powerful suction force.
The surrounding golden pollen Genesis Qi was immediately drawn towards him, transforming into streams of gold as it rapidly flowed into Zhou Yuan’s body through his nose.
Golden pollen Genesis Qi swam along his meridian channels and entered the Qi Dwelling, before being swallowed by the giant golden python within it.
The golden pollen Genesis Qi was swiftly refined, transforming into strand after strand of Omni Python Qi.
The thing that surprised Zhou Yuan the most, was that as the golden pollen Genesis Qi was refined, he could feel a faint burning sensation flowing within his Genesis Qi.
When Zhou Yuan took a closer look, he saw faint, almost invisible impurities transforming into smoke and rising from his Omni Python Qi...
Meanwhile, the Genesis Qi in his Qi Dwelling was becoming even more concentrated and pure.
Zhou Yuan could not help but exclaim in amazement in his heart, “This Heavenly Genesis Flower is amazing. The pollen infused Genesis Qi it produces can continuously concentrate one’s Genesis Qi while training, while also burning away the impurities within…”
It may not show much effect in the short term, but the cumulative results over time was pretty darn amazing.
When two Genesis Qi of similar grade clashed, the upper hand would go to the one that was more concentrated and robust. Hence, the flower would undoubtedly give the Cangxuan Sect disciples an advantage.
“As expected of the sect that was once the strongest in Cangxuan Heaven.”
Zhou Yuan could not stop praising. Regardless of whether it was the Genesis Mountain he stood on or these Heavenly Genesis Flowers, unique methods were required to create them. Ordinary factions did not possess the qualifications to do so.
By this point, Zhou Yuan was even more certain that only in the Cangxuan Sect would he be able to truly dig out of all of his potential.
Only here would he reach the Divine Dwelling stage in the shortest time possible, and gain the power to match the Great Wu Empires’ king Wu.
Zhou Yuan’s concentration gradually increased as he began to immerse himself in his training.
While this happened, golden pollen Genesis Qi continued to be spouted from the Heavenly Genesis Flower, making the cultivation platform grow even more dazzling.
On another cultivation platform near to Zhou Yuan’s.
Under the cover of golden light, Yaoyao leisurely watched the floating golden pollen Genesis Qi, no desire to absorb any at all.
In her arms, Tuntun’s mouth was wide open, the black light emerging from within causing its giant mouth to seemingly transform into a black hole.
Black light pulsed. No matter how much golden pollen Genesis Qi spouted out from the Heavenly Genesis Flower, every last bit was ultimately eaten by Tuntun.
In fact, Tuntun even began to feel that this was too slow, and hopped directly on top of the Heavenly Genesis Flower. Whenever the flower released its load, Tuntun would open its mouth and swallow, its eyes squinting in enjoyment as it happily wagged its tail...
Every cultivation platform on the giant Genesis Mountain was filled with golden light. The flickering golden light seemingly turning the entire mountain gold.
Time gradually flowed, and four hours swiftly passed.
After four hours, the spouting Heavenly Genesis Flower finally began to slow down as the glowing golden cultivation platforms gradually dimmed.
However, everyone was still immersed in enjoying the sweet benefits, and could not possibly be willing to stop. Several disciples immediately retrieved a piece of Genesis jade and flung it towards the Heavenly Genesis Flower.
The moment the Genesis jade touched the Heavenly Genesis Flower, a crack split open on the flower, swallowing the Genesis jade like a mouth.
After swallowing the jade, the originally somewhat wilting flower began to shine dazzlingly as it began to energetically spout out more Genesis Qi.
Only now did the many disciples finally understood how precious the Genesis jade was...
As long as one had enough Genesis jade, one would practically have an endlessly spouting Heavenly Genesis Flower, making one’s cultivation speed faster than others.
At this point, everyone could not help but feel some pity for Han Shan, because he had already lost all of this month’s Genesis jade pieces...
Zhou Yuan opened his eyes, falling into thought for a brief second, before fishing out a Genesis jade piece and feeding it to the Heavenly Genesis Flower.
While training earlier, he had faintly felt the existence of the Alpha-Origin Heaven. Once he succeeded in sensing it, he would truly step into the Alpha-Origin stage.
*Gurgle*!
After eating the Genesis jade piece, the flower once again began to tirelessly draw out the Genesis Qi from the mountain. In the end, Genesis Qi mixed with golden pollen covered Zhou Yuan’s figure like a golden mist.
With a single piece of Genesis jade, the Heavenly Genesis Flower would be able to continue for another two hours.
Zhou Yuan’s figure was just barely discernible in the golden pollen Genesis Qi mist.
His eyes were tightly shut, his Spirit seemingly drifting in the murkiness. Something deep down inside of him could feel a very faint sensation, while his Spirit slowly followed this faint feeling.
He did not know how long this continued, until a certain moment when his Spirit seemed to bump into something.
With a jolt, Zhou Yuan’s Spirit violently returned to his senses as the world before him rapidly changed...
What appeared in his sights was a mysterious world that was filled with the aura of primal chaos. The aura seemed to stir, giving off a feeling of ancientness.
“Is this place… the Alpha-Origin Heaven?!” Zhou Yuan’s Spirit trembled as he was struck with a flash of understanding.
Then was this primal chaos like aura the so-called Alpha-Origin Qi?!
Absorbing it would transform his Qi Dwelling, allowing it to gradually evolve into a Divine Dwelling!
Joy flooded Zhou Yuan’s heart. He knew that the moment his Spirit entered this mysterious Alpha-Origin Heaven, he had finally truly stepped into the Alpha-Origin stage!
“Use the Spirit to receive Alpha-Origin Qi, and transform the world of the Qi Dwelling…”

