Chapter 171 The Mysterious Beast
Fog pervaded the mountains as an icy shadow swept past.
Zhou Yuan was seated on Little Frost’s back, his Spirit senses spreading outwards. Although the fog could distort one’s sense of direction, Zhou Yuan was just barely able to guide them through his powerful Spirit.
“To the left.” Uttered Zhou Yuan.
Little Frost immediately shook its wings, turning directions.
“We’ve already reached the depths of the mountain range.” Zhou Yuan glanced to his rear, his gaze frosty as he continued, “They’re still closely following us. How patient.”
He could detect several presences some distance behind, tailing them like shadows. It was clear that Wu Huang and gang did not intend to give up so easily.
Zhen Xu said in a low voice, “What do we do now? Any deeper and we will begin to encounter grade 4 Genesis Beasts.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly as he stared into the depths of the fog, faintly seeing a shimmer of gold, while he also began to sense several powerful Genesis Qi ripples. They clearly nearing the golden pool.
The Genesis ripples he had sensed likely belonged to the beasts protecting the pool
Zhou Yuan decisively declared, “Go in!”
Luluo gritted her teeth and patted Little Frost. With a loud cry, its speed rose sharply. A short few minutes later, Zhou Yuan and group discovered that they had exited the fog.
Behind the fog lay an ancient mountain forest where numerous towering trees proudly stood.
Roar!
Brief moments after Zhou Yuan and gang charged out from the fog, a loud roar was suddenly heard. An enormous shadow descended from the sky with violent and dreadful power.
Little Frost agilely shot forward, avoiding the shadow.
Boom!
The shadow slammed into the spot where Zhou Yuan and the rest had been just moments before, causing the ground to crumble. As dust began to fill the air, the Zhou Yuan trio saw a giant ape covered in scales. It ferociously stood there, its scarlet-red beast eyes staring at them.
Powerful Genesis Qi undulations rippled around the scaled ape like a storm.
A grade 4 Genesis Beast!
The ferocious aura caused the trio’s pupils to shrink. Against a Genesis Beast of this level, they would have to use their full strength in order to put up a fight.
Swish!
A few seconds after the giant scaled ape appeared, the fog rippled once again, and six figures swiftly flew out, landing nearby Zhou Yuan’s group.
The six figures were naturally the closely following Wu Huang, Ye Ming and the rest.
Roar!
The scaled ape was greatly enraged by the sight of more humans invading. With a loud roar from its blood-red mouth, its titanic body leaped into the air as a giant fist ruthlessly smashed towards Wu Huang’s group like a cannonball, heralded by an astonishing wind pressure.
Even before the punch hit, the shape of a fist had already been imprinted into the ground.
Wu Huang was indifferent as he watched the scaled ape rapidly grow in his eyes. Five fingers tightened into a fist as his foot slammed into the ground, cracking it. His figure appeared in front of the ape in a split second, fist like a blazing rising sun, glaring with brilliant might that allowed no resistance.
Boom!
Man and beast fiercely clashed in the air as a ripple that could be seen with the naked eye unfurled, followed by a series of rapid booms as the air was blasted away.
At the epicenter, the giant scaled ape released a cry of anguish as its enormous body was sent flying backwards. It crashed into the ground, causing the surrounding area to tremor.
The ape’s body tore across the ground, creating a long scar as towering trees continued to fall one after another.
In contrast, Wu Huang had only been forced a dozen steps back before he slowly drifted down, his expression as indifferent as before.
Besides Ye Ming, the other four from the Dongxuan Continent glanced at Wu Huang in amazement.
Luluo could not help but remark, “This guy is really monstrous!”
Though she had previously finished off a grade 4 Genesis Beast, it had only been possible after pulling out all the stops. In comparison, Wu Huang had grandly suppressed a grade 4 Genesis Beast in a direct clash of power.
A trace of graveness also appeared on Zhen Xu’s pale expressionless face.
No emotion was present in Wu Huang’s gaze as he looked towards Zhou Yuan. “Did you believe that hiding here will make me afraid?”
Zhou Yuan seemed to smile, a smile that had a hint of ridicule.
Roar!
It was at this moment that the giant scaled ape climbed to its feet and released a deafening roar of anger.
The roar echoed into the distance, resounding across the mountain forest.
Rumble!
Almost immediately after, wild Genesis Qi began to explode in the depths of the forest one after another. The mountain forest shook as four giant beasts swiftly emerged, stopping behind the giant scaled ape.
Genesis Qi churned around these four titans, clearly indicating that each and every one was a grade 4 Genesis Beast.
Wu Huang and Ye Ming’s expression finally changed slightly.
Ye Ming shot a glance at Zhou Yuan and remarked, “What a beautiful plan of urging tigers to devour wolves.”
“Unfortunately, it won’t work.”
His pitch-black pupils stared at the five grade 4 Genesis Beasts before them as the vortexes within slowly began to swirl, and a strange ripple began to spread.
The bodies of the giant scaled ape and the other grade 4 Genesis Beasts turned slack for a moment, black vortexes appeared in their eyes as if they had fallen into a hallucination.
Tears of blood fell from the corners of Ye Ming’s eyes as a tired look appeared within them.
“He… he has taken control of the five grade 4 Genesis Beasts?” Luluo’s shocked voice sounded.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes widened at this moment. “Its an eye technique powered by Spirit energy. Genesis Beasts may have strong bodies, but their Spirits are comparatively weaker, making them easily countered by him.”
Zhou Yuan said in a low voice, “To the golden pool!”
Little Frost shot forth the moment his voice rang out.
“None of you will escape today!” Wu Huang’s icy voice followed, his figure transforming into a flash of scarlet light, fast as rushing thunder as he doggedly gave chase.
Behind him, Ye Ming and the rest quickly followed.
Rumble!
Two groups, one fleeing, one chasing, giving rise to a huge disturbance in the depths of the mountain range.
They crossed numerous mountains in a short few minutes. Golden light soon blossomed before their eyes, only for them to see a giant mountain standing some distance to their front. The top of the mountain was akin to a volcano, only endless gold light spread from its mouth, dazzling like a pool of gold.
“The golden pool!” Luluo’s eyes glowed as she stared at the mountain top.
Behind them, Wu Huang, Ye Ming and the rest closely followed, desire surfacing in their eyes as their gazes fell upon the resplendent golden pool.
“It seems that the golden pool blessings are fated to be ours.” Ye Ming laughed as he rubbed his hands together. “I really have to thank you for leading the way.”
Roar!
However, several roars suddenly rang out across the area the moment Ye Ming’s laughter faded. Next, the pupils of everyone on both sides shrank when they saw enormous beast after beast appear on the mountain top, scarlet-red eyes rapidly locking onto the humans.
Over a dozen grade 4 Genesis Beasts!
This line-up made the expressions of both parties change.
However, it was still not over. The titanic beasts prostrated themselves, their heads lowered as if they were bowing.
Zhen Xu’s expression did not look too good either as he said, “Rumor speaks of a mysterious Genesis Beast leader at the golden pool to whom numerous grade 4 Genesis Beasts have yielded.”
Zhou Yuan’s brows tightly knitted together. It seems that the rumors were true. This was really unlucky for them, tigers behind and wolves in front...
“If things become worse, we’ll quickly escape amidst the chaos.” Said Zhou Yuan in a soft voice.
Luluo and Zhen Xu nodded. Even Luluo was no longer thinking about the golden pool now.
Some distance behind them, Wu Huang and Ye Ming’s expressions turned grave. They could faintly feel an alarmingly powerful undulations in the depths of the golden light.
Under their guarded gazes, a low roar filled with dignity rang out from the top of the giant mountain, causing every Genesis Beast on the mountain to tremble.
A giant figure slowly emerged from within the golden light. In the end, the figure stepped out, appearing in everyone’s sights.
Eh?
Everyone was stunned the moment the figure revealed itself, because the thing that had appeared was no behemoth, but a dull gray little dog like creature.
The little beast yawned lazily, its beady eyes disdainfully looking towards the gathered crowd.
Zhou Yuan and Luluo blankly watched this scene. Moments later, they were unable to stop themselves from vigorously rubbing their eyes before very carefully looking again as their expressions turned extremely spectacular.
Luluo asked in a hesitant voice, “Zhou Yuan… are my eyes deceiving me? Why does that little creature look almost exactly like Tuntun?”
Zhou Yuan was silent. In the end, he violently nodded his head.
“Your eyes aren’t wrong!”
“This little bastard has been enjoying his time as a king here while we were outside desperately fighting for our lives!”

