Chapter 174 The Golden Pool
“I’ve actually gotten my name on the tablet?”
Zhou Yuan beamed as he gazed at the dazzling Saint Tablet in the sky, clearly rather surprised by this outcome.
Although he had taken the upper hand in the battle against Zhu Ying, he had been interrupted by Wu Huang, Ye Ming and the rest before he could properly defeat her.
But it seems that the Saint Tablet had still acknowledged that battle.
“Was it because the gap between our cultivation levels was too large?”
On the surface, Zhou Yuan was only at the initial Heaven Gate stage, while Zhu Ying was quasi Alpha-Origin, a tremendous disparity. Hence from a certain point of view, the battle itself could be considered a remarkable achievement.
Luluo was seething as she said, “Does this mean that I can’t even compare to you?”
She had lost to Zhu Ying, and Zhu Ying had lost to Zhou Yuan. Didn’t this mean that she was two levels below Zhou Yuan?
Zhou Yuan chuckled. “Relax, if we meet Zhu Ying again, you will definitely be able to take revenge as long as you’re on guard against her Genesis Beast trapping method.”
His words were not solely consolation. Once Luluo and Little Frost were linked, her strength would reach an astonishing level that was enough to kill ordinary Alpha-Origin experts.
Luluo gently bit down as she declared, “I’ll not let her off when I see her again.”
Her large eyes suddenly rotated, a wide smile emerging on her face as she looked towards Zhou Yuan’s shoulder where Tuntun currently was. “Hehe, good boy Tuntun. Are you the boss here?”
Tuntun nodded in a rather pleased manner.
Luluo’s eyes brightened. “Which is to say, you’ve taken possession of the golden pool?”
Tuntun seemed to realise something, its eyes now guarded as it stared at Luluo.
Zhou Yuan’s heart shook a little. He could also sense that Tuntun was quite a bit stronger than before. Could it be due to the golden pool?
“Good boy Tuntun, lend us the golden pool for a while okay?” Luluo’s large eyes blinked appealingly.
Tuntun shook its head.
“Petty!” Luluo glared at it.
By the side, Zhou Yuan rubbed his chin. He too wanted to have a look at the golden pool. It had not been easy for them to come here, and he naturally hoped to obtain a share of the blessings. However, Tuntun was clearly the boss here, so they needed to convince it somehow.
Zhou Yuan let out a dry cough, before he began to speak in a seemingly sincere and heartfelt manner, “Tuntun, don’t those bastards that ganged up on Yaoyao make you angry?”
Roar!
The hair all over Tuntun’s body began to stand up, an ominous glint appearing in its beady eyes as it growled.
“We are also very angry.” Zhou Yuan nodded. “But you saw it, right? There are quite a few of them, and if we want our revenge, we will also have to gather up more teammates while raising our strength.”
“Now look at the golden pool, it should be pretty beneficial to us if we are allowed to enter for a while. Raising our strength will enable us to better seek justice for Yaoyao against those guys, don’t you think so?”
Tuntun hesitated upon hearing this. It could feel that Zhou Yuan’s argument was rather reasonable. The previous clash against Wu Huang had taught it just how formidable the latter was.
After pondering for a few brief moments, Tuntun finally gave in and nodded.
“Hehe, Zhou Yuan is the best!” Luluo immediately cheered upon seeing this.
By the side, Zhen Xu was silent for a moment before he said, “Since Wu Huang and the rest have already withdrawn, I should also leave.”
He was pretty much a loner, while also being extremely prideful. Being saved once by Zhou Yuan was already weighing pretty hard on him, making him feel that he owed the latter a debt of gratitude. If he were to stay and partake in the blessings Zhou Yuan had basically single-handedly acquired for them, he would not know where to bury his head.
Zhou Yuan merely smiled when he heard this. "Since you already owe me, would it matter whether it's once or twice."
"Jiang Quan is tagging along with Wu Huang, Ye Ming and the rest, and will surely obtain various blessings, raising his strength. If you don't plan on falling behind, I advise you not to give up on this one."
Zhou Yuan was no samaritan, but merely wanted Zhen Xun in his camp. After all, Wu Huang had teamed up with the Dongxuan people, forming a rather alarming line-up. To match them, Zhou Yuan would have to recruit a few apex level geniuses to his side.
Such geniuses were definitely proud individuals, making it an uphill task to convince them. Hence, Zhou Yuan chose to work on them through kindness and benevolence, which was also one of the ways to win over others.
Zhen Xu was no fool, and naturally understood Zhou Yuan’s intentions. Jiang Quan may have engaged underhanded tactics against Zhen Xu, but even without them, he would never let Jiang Quan off.
Hence, after some silence, Zhen Xu finally said, “I will repay these debts in the future.”
Zhou Yuan waved his hand, before grinning at Tuntun. “I’ll be troubling you to lead the way.”
Tuntun seemed to sigh as if greatly pained by the act of sharing its beloved things. It powerlessly got up, and headed towards the top of the giant mountain.
The Zhou Yuan trio hurriedly followed.
Genesis Beasts would peer towards them from time to time, but none dared to show themselves due to Tuntun. In the end, Zhou Yuan and gang smoothly reached the mountain top.
The giant mountain top was akin to the mouth of a volcano, but it was instead filled with golden liquid, making it a pool of gold. Golden light blossomed as a faint, strange fragrance spread.
Zhou Yuan, Luluo and Zhen Xu gazed at the golden pool with desire. They could feel the Genesis Qi within their bodies grow lively.
“Is this the golden pool?” The trio drooled, their hearts beating faster as they gazed upon it.
Plop.
Tuntun was the first to jump in. It idled about on the surface, its eyes slightly shut as if was the best feeling in the world.
Zhou Yuan and the rest watched as strands of golden light from the rippling golden water began to pour into Tuntun’s body.
“The blessing is already before us, how much we gain will depend on ourselves.” Zhou Yuan smiled at Luluo and Zhen Xu, before he also hopped in.
With Little Frost in her arms, Luluo’s eyes glowed brightly, no hesitation whatsoever as she leaped in and began joyously cheering inside with Little Frost.
Zhen Xu’s heart rippled for a brief moment, and swiftly followed suit.
Once Zhou Yuan was inside, he could feel a peculiar golden light endlessly rush towards him. The golden light poured into his body and was greedily devoured by his squirming flesh and blood.
Golden light fused into his blood, making it flow with greater gusto and force.
It fused into his muscles, making them stronger and filling them with explosive power.
It fused into his bones, making them harder and sturdier.
Golden light washed across his body, some of it eventually arriving at his Qi Dwelling. The dark gold Genesis Qi within also began to greedily absorb the light, rapidly growing more and more powerful.
As he felt his strength grow, Zhou Yuan fell into a kind of drunken stupor. His eyes were tightly shut, as if never intending to wake up ever again.
However, Zhou Yuan ultimately broke out from this state. He unhappily opened his eyes, only to see Tuntun licking his face.
“What the heck?” Zhou Yuan glared at it.
Tuntun tugged at Zhou Yuan’s clothes with its mouth before sinking towards the bottom of the golden pool.
Zhou Yuan was taken aback. Did Tuntun want him to follow? Was there something at the bottom of the pool?
He hesitated for a moment, taking a glance at Luluo and Zhen Xu were. The two seemed to be sleeping in the golden pool, clearly drunk in the changes happening inside their bodies.
“I’ll follow and take a look…”
Zhou Yuan thought for a bit, before decisively diving into the pool. He was rather curious; what exactly had captured Tuntun’s interest.

