Chapter 138 Barefoot Uncle
The arrival of the envoys from the six sacred sects had undoubtedly become the most discussed topic in the city. The blood of every prided genius was boiling, the eyes on their raised heads filled with anticipation. Everyone had heard of the famed six sacred sects; entering any of them to train was akin to ascending the heavens in the single step.
The six sacred sects were just too powerful, the overlords of this world. Even an enormous continent like this was merely akin to a remote corner in their eyes.
However, the envoys did not show themselves after arriving at Saint Remains City. It was said that even the city lord Xiao Tianluo was unable to meet them in the city lord residence.
After all, the disparity in status between them was just far too great.
Even if one party was only an envoy, it was still far from what a mere lord of a city could compare to.
Although the envoys from the six sacred sects did not reveal themselves, it did not hinder the gradual rise in excitement within the city. At the very least, everyone knew that the arrival of the envoys meant that the opening of the Saint Remains Domain was fast approaching.
Unlike everyone else, Zhou Yuan paid no attention to the arrival of the envoys. All his attention had been invested into learning grade 3 Genesis Runes.
Under his nearly fanatical studying, the grade 3 Genesis Runes Yaoyao taught him were gradually being mastered at the elementary level.
At this current point in time, it had already been five days since the envoys from the six sacred sects had arrived at Saint Remains City.
...
House of Geniuses.
Inside a certain restaurant.
Zhou Yuan sat alone next to a window. Yaoyao had been dragged out by Luluo and Zuoqiu Qingyu again.
He had spent yet another day immersed in the study of grade 3 Genesis Runes, and was currently taking a little time off.
After drinking two cups of the restaurant’s wine, Zhou Yuan shook his head in dissatisfaction. Having spent so much time with Yaoyao, he had now grown to become exceptionally picky about his alcohol.
He seemed to fall into thought for a moment, before retrieving a jade bottle from his Universe bag. It was part of the ‘good stuff’ he had collected for Yaoyao, and it just so happened that this was a good time for him to have a secret sample.
As such, Zhou Yuan enjoyed his drinking alone, his tense mental state slowly relaxing in the process.
The truth was, his zealous practicing for the past few days had indeed been due to the pressure from Wu Huang. It would indeed be a joke if the lead that the latter had accumulated over the years was so easily surpassed.
“Even though my Spirit has already stepped into the advance Illusory stage, I still stand no chance against Wu Huang.” Zhou Yuan’s gaze faintly flickered in thought. Of course, it was true that he might be able to put up a fight if he were to borrow Silver Shadow’s strength. However, that was only to be used in the worst case scenario, because once he used Silver Shadow, Zhou Yuan did not know how long he would be unconscious. Being unconscious for too long in a place like the Saint Remains Domain was practically suicide.
“It seems that I need to find a chance to ascend to the Heaven Gate stage in the Saint Remains Domain.” Zhou Yuan’s heart churned.
While Zhou Yuan was lost in thought, he suddenly sensed some activity beside him. He lifted his head to look, only to find that a middle-aged man was now seated in front of him. This man’s appearance was pretty unkempt and was even barefoot, while green smoke wafted from the pipe in his hand.
He looked exactly like an old farmer that had just left his fields.
At this current moment, the man was anxiously staring at the jade bottle full of excellent wine that stood before Zhou Yuan as he forced a smile and said, “Youngin, your wine is not bad.”
Zhou Yuan was stunned, somewhat unable to figure out where this barefoot middle-aged man had come from. He was unable to sense much Genesis Qi undulations from the latter’s body.
Even so, Zhou Yuan was no petty person. The sight of the man’s anxious appearance made him smile as he pushed the bottle over.
The old farmer like man hurriedly received it upon seeing this, and poured a cup for himself. A mouthful later, an enchanted look filled his face.
“Not bad, not bad.”
“If uncle likes it, I’ll give it to you.” Zhou Yuan chuckled.
The middle-aged man’s eyes immediately brightened as he excitedly responded, “Then I’ll give you my thanks youngin.”
He took another mouthful before picking up his pipe again and drawing in a deep breath. Green smoke rolled out, its acrid flavor causing the surrounding geniuses to frown.
The unkempt middle-aged man enjoyed a puff of smoke as he remarked, “Youngin, there’s something amiss about the way the others look at you.”
Zhou Yuan shot a glance at his surroundings. The various geniuses were looking at him as if they were looking at a dead person. He knew that it was because news of the grudge between him and Wu Huang had already begun to spread.
From their point of view, he was only a Qi Nourishing stage practitioner, and yet he had an enemy like Wu Huang. This was undoubtedly akin to having half a foot in the grave.
Zhou Yuan smiled and said, “I have a life or death enemy called Wu Huang, and they likely believe that I’m screwed.”
“Wu Huang?” The middle-aged uncle seemed to have heard of this name. His gaze immediately filled with pity as he looked at Zhou Yuan and said, “Then you are indeed rather pitiful…”
Zhou Yuan laughed, unoffended. He was already used to such a response.
However, the middle-aged uncle quickly crowded over and said in a low voice, “Moreover, I’ve heard that the envoy from Sacred Palace has already met Wu Huang and is very satisfied with him. As long as Wu Huang is able to distinguish himself in the Saint Remains Domain, he will be accepted into Sacred Palace and become their disciple.”
“Sacred Palace?”
Zhou Yuan’s heart shook a little. By this current point in time, he had already gained some knowledge with regards to the six sacred sects. It was said that Sacred Palace was the strongest amongst the six sects.
He never imagined that the envoy from Sacred Palace had already met with Wu Huang…
Zhou Yuan’s eyes flickered, before eventually returning to calmness. He stared at the sloppy looking uncle and asked, “Does uncle work at the city lord residence?”
Outsiders would not be privy to such information. Only those in the city lord residence might catch some scraps.
The slovenly uncle chuckled and continued to drink his wine. He sucked on his pipe and breathed out swirling green smoke as he shot a sideways glance at Zhou Yuan. “Youngin, if you wish to take your revenge, the Saint Remains Domain will be your final chance.”
Zhou Yuan nodded, not saying anything else.
“I’ll be taking this wine, don’t drink too much.” The uncle grinned as he kept the bottle into his sleeves. He breathed out a puff a smoke as he looked towards Zhou Yuan. “Youngin, the Saint Remains Domain will open tomorrow. There’s someone who has great expectations of you, so you better put in some effort. If your performance ends up terrible, it will really be a little embarrassing.”
Zhou Yuan was taken aback, somewhat confused. There seemed to be a deeper meaning within the uncle’s words. Plus, how did he know when the Saint Remains Domain was opening?
Zhou Yuan frowned and asked, “Who are you?”
The slovenly uncle did not reply, merely waving his hand as he puffed out another ring of green smoke. His bare feet walking on the ground as he unhurriedly made his exit.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes were filled with confusion. This barefoot uncle was not as simple as he had thought.
However, he did not dwell too much on this event, spending a little more time sitting alone, before rising and returning to the room.
Not long after he returned, news that shook the entire Saint Remains City began to spread.
The Saint Remains Domain was opening tomorrow!
In the room, Zhou Yuan was dazed by this news. The unkempt uncle had been right… just who exactly was he?

