Chapter 213 Luo Song
Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao followed Mu Wuji out of the building, before the latter smiled at the two of them and said, “I’ll have to go hand in my report. You guys will be staying here for the next three months.”
“Many thanks to teacher uncle Mu for receiving us from so far away.” Zhou Yuan solemnly bowed to Mu Wuji. Although the latter had been tasked by the sect to head to the Cangmang Continent, it could still be considered as a favor to them.
In addition, Mu Wuji had stood up when the Sacred Palace envoy was being overbearing.
This was why Zhou Yuan heart was filled with good will towards this slovenly barefoot uncle.
By the side, Yaoyao also gave a slight nod. Although she had not conversed much with Mu Wuji, she could feel that the latter was quite open-minded, and did not treat the new disciples with an air of arrogance. Overall, he was a pretty decent person.
Mu Wuji waved his hand, smiling as he said, “I’m usually cultivating in the Bleak Sky Peak. If you have any problems in the future, you may come and find me.”
He shot a glance at the building, before he continued in a low voice, “Chen Yuan and I are pretty much at each other’s necks all the time. He’s definitely not happy that we made him cough up two first class disciple quotas.”
“Although he won’t dare to go overboard, the competition between the new disciples will indeed be very intense. Both of you should take note, those that were selected from the various continents will not be ordinary individuals.”
“In fact, even in the past batches, there were definitely no lack of first class disciples whom had their status stolen…”
Mu Wuji cautioned, “However, don’t feel restricted because of this. There’s no need to show any courtesy to those who come looking for trouble. As long as it’s within the rules, even if the matter blows up all the way to the sect master, he will give the owner of this token some face.”
Zhou Yuan nodded his head, indicating that he understood the advice.
Mu Wuji spoke a little more, before waving his hands at the two as he rose into the sky on green smoke, disappearing into the many mountains in the blink of an eye.
As they watched his leaving figure, Zhou Yuan let out a long sigh. He gazed upon the now unfamiliar surroundings, knowing that he would be staying here for a long period of time.
Because this place would allow him to grow even stronger.
“Let’s go. There’s nothing to be scared of in a mere Cangxuan Sect…” Yaoyao gently rubbed Tuntun, her red lips parting slightly as she continued, “At the very least, you have me and Tuntun.”
Tuntun opened its eyes and looked at Zhou Yuan as it reached out a paw to pat his arm, as if saying ‘Relax, I’ll protect you’.
Zhou Yuan could not help but chuckle as a feeling of warmth flowed in his heart. When he thought about it, Yaoyao and Tuntun had already accompanied him for almost two years...
At the very beginning, however, he was merely a weak youngster that could not even unblock his eight meridian channels. Now, he had already walked out of the Cangmang Continent, and even entered a behemoth like the Cangxuan Sect...
Many things had changed during these two years.
But Zhou Yuan also understood that the true challenge had perhaps only just begun. To find a place for himself in such an enormous sect would likely be harder than he imagined.
Fortunately, he was not alone.
It was as Yaoyao had said, he still had her and Tuntun...
Zhou Yuan raised his head to the sky, light shining down on his youthful face as he smiled a smile of dazzling confidence.
So what if it was the Cangxuan Sect...
So what if the competition will be intense...
Even the despair from back then had not crushed him, what was now in comparison?
“Let’s go.”
Said Zhou Yuan to Yaoyao, before he took the lead and walked towards the giant bustling plaza.
...
The giant plaza was already flooded by a sea of people. A quick glance would reveal that they were all pretty young, each individual in high spirits and overflowing with youthful vitality. The atmosphere was boiling with excitement.
Gathered here were the numerous geniuses from the various continents in Cangxuan Heaven. Even so, they were still clearly gathered into distinct circles.
The most attention grabbing was the area at the very front of the plaza where groups of all sizes could be seen. The main similarity was that at the center of each circle was a proud looking young man or lady...
Powerful Genesis Qi spread from their bodies, far surpassing those beside them.
“Over here, little Yuan bro!”
When Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao returned to the plaza, a familiar voice was heard nearby. Shen Wanjin’s eye-grabbing round body was beckoning at them.
Zhou Yuan walked over.
Behind Shen Wanjin were several figures. They were the Cangxuan Continent geniuses, including Xiao Tianxuan.
However, at this current time, these illustrious geniuses in the Cangmang Continent had began to appear a little unnatural. They could sense that the superiority they were originally proud of was now completely gone.
Practically all of them had turned from a genius to an ordinary person.
It was because of this sudden unease and loss that they involuntarily converged towards Zhou Yuan when they saw him.
Xiao Tianxuan had a complicated expression as he followed at the very end of the group, not daring to meet Zhou Yuan’s gaze.
“Little Yuan bro, Cangxuan Sect is amazing indeed. There are over ten thousand new disciples here, each and every one a genius from the various continents…” Shen Wanjin looked at the surroundings in amazement.
“I just found out that there will be about a hundred first class disciples in this batch.”
Zhou Yuan was slightly taken aback. A hundred first class disciples? Didn’t that mean that all of these individuals possessed the strength similar to the third layer Alpha-Origin?
“What an eye opener.” Zhou Yuan sighed inwardly. As expected, he would only be able to see such a grand line-up here.
However, Zhou Yuan was also pretty astonished that Shen Wanjin could gather such information in such a short span of time. The latter’s smiling and friendly appearance was indeed a great tool for approaching and getting friendly with others.
“Within these hundred or so, they must be little Yuan bro and big sis Yaoyao!” Shen Wanjin grinned widely as he said, “I hope that big brother and big sister will take extra care of your little bro in future.”
Zhou Yuan could not help but chuckle when he heard this. However, just as he was about to speak, a voice suddenly interjected. “Hehe, how can a quasi Alpha-Origin become a first class disciple. You guys are treating this matter too lightly.”
The sudden interjection stunned the group. Their gazes turned, and found a figure looking at them nearby.
It was a slightly handsome young man. He had a smile on his face, while a group crowded around him like stars to the moon.
Genesis Qi rippled from the young man’s body, revealing that he had reached the second later Alpha-Origin stage.
When the young man saw Zhou Yuan and gang look over, a carefree smile immediately appeared on his face. But anyone could see that his eyes were fixed on Yaoyao from start to end.
“I am Luo Song from the Tianqing Continent…” The young man cupped his hands together with a smile. “We can be said to all be fellow disciples in future, so we should keep an eye out for each other.”
He seemed to offhandedly mention, “I should be rated at a second class disciple this time, and if I work hard in the future, I should have a chance at becoming a first class disciple.”
Several individuals at the young man’s side began to flatter, “Hehe, getting acquainted with brother Luo is your fortune.”
They could naturally tell that Luo Song was after Yaoyao. After all, she was far too beautiful, and many had been trying to find out more about her ever since she had appeared.
However, in response to Luo Song’s slightly thirsty gaze, Yaoyao did not even give him a single glance from start to end. She merely continued to play with Tuntun.
Zhou Yuan secretly chuckled inside. Luo Song may seem like a kind person on the surface, but the arrogance in his tone could not be concealed. Hence, Zhou Yuan smiled as he shook his head and said, “We’re from the Cangmang Continent. As for looking out for each other, there’s really no need.”
Luo Song was clearly stunned that Zhou Yuan had actually rejected him. The former had obviously never expected that this group would reject him, causing his expression to turn a little rigid.
His followers frowned and said, “What an unappreciative brat.”
“To be recognized by brother Luo is your blessing, don’t be so muddle-headed.”
There were also several pretty good looking young ladies amongst them who disdainfully glanced at Zhou Yuan. They clearly felt that his actions were not tactful at all. After all, a quasi Alpha-Origin was really too unremarkable, and had no right to put on airs.
Luo Song let out a dry laugh. He had to show gracefulness in front of a beauty after all. Hence, he waved his hand and gave Zhou Yuan a deep look as he said, “My friend, this is not the continent you guys lived in previously, so it would be better for you to behave properly such as to avoid suffering…”
“Hehe, if you guys change your mind in the future, you can always come and find me.”
Zhou Yuan helplessly sighed. He looked at Yaoyao and said in a low voice, “We just got here and you’re already attracting bees and butterflies. Maybe you should continue to dress-up as a guy?”
Yaoyao rolled her eyes at him. “No more dressing up. If I attract the attention of someone like Qinyu again it will become an even bigger headache.”
Fury flashed in Luo Song’s eyes when he saw Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao intimately conversing in hushed voices, completely ignoring his existence. Just as he was about to speak again, a gong suddenly sounded across the plaza.
They watched as Chen Yuan slowly walked out on a tall stage as his nonchalant voice echoed across the entire place.
“Everyone quiet. I will be announcing the classes of the new disciples…”

