Chapter 582 Treasure Tree
Rumble!
Berserk Genesis Qi unfurled like a storm within the boundary, frantically wreaking havoc in the surroundings. Some of the undulations leaked out, causing giant torrential waves to rise on the surface of the six color lake.
One could just barely make out the Spirit Ghost Python’s enormous body inside the Genesis Qi storm. Six glowing figures flickered about around it, as fierce Genesis Qi attacks were sent blasting towards its weak points one after another.
It had already been quite some time since the battle had begun.
When Zhou Yuan and the others unleashed their full battle power, the Spirit Ghost Python slowly began to descend into an unfavorable position. Dusky black blood dripped from its body, while more than half of its scales had already been shattered.
The Spirit Ghost Python was slightly stronger than Zhou Yuan, Fan Yao and the rest, and it was very likely that not a single one of the six would have been able to pressure it in a one on one battle.
Unfortunately for the beast, it was gradually being suppressed by the joint efforts of the six chief disciples.
Zhou Yuan’s Heaven Disorientating Boundary in particular had been lethally effective. After separating the main body from its two python shadows, the fate of the Spirit Ghost Python was already basically decided.
Boom!
A blast of night black Genesis Qi spewed forth, accompanied by a terrible stench and corrosive poison. Zhou Yuan thrust his hand forward, as an ancient, cryptic Genesis Rune emerged on his palm.
“Divine Gold Crystal Wall Rune!”
The Genessi Rune rapidly grew as it absorbed the surrounding Genesis Qi. In a short few breaths, it had already transformed into a giant thousand foot wide golden crystal wall.
This defensive Genesis Rune had been learnt after Zhou Yuan’s Spirit advanced to the advanced Corporeal stage, and possessed astonishing defensive power that was enough to block a full powered attack from a ninth layer expert.
Csh csh!
The Spirit Ghost Python’s Genesis Qi breath poured onto the crystal wall, causing an eruption of sizzling noises.
Zhou Yuan’s figure abruptly etherealized, and appeared in front of the Spirit Ghost Python’s titanic body like a phantom. His hands tightened around the Heavenly Yuan Brush, as pitch-black climbed up on its snow-white tip.
“Genesis Breaker!”
The shadow of a brush swept past with a low shout. Black blood immediately spouted out from a sinister wound that had been gorged open on the Spirit Ghost Python’s body.
Hss!
The Spirit Ghost Python madly threshed about as it released a piercing hiss.
Zhou Yuan’s expression changed slightly the instant the hiss rang out. He could sense the two python shadows trapped in the boundary begin to swiftly approach this location at this moment.
The Spirit Ghost Python was calling its python shadows.
Zhou Yuan sternly shouted, “The python shadows are being summoned by it, and I can’t stop them. Quickly, kill it!”
The expressions of Fan Yao, Tang Xiaoyan and the rest changed with these words. If the python shadows managed to reach this place and fuse with the Spirit Ghost Python, its power would rise to match a Chosen. When that happened, it would be them instead who would be suppressed.
As such, they unanimously strengthened their attacks, sending out wave after wave of Genesis techniques to bombard the Spirit Ghost Python.
The Spirit Ghost Python could naturally guess their intentions, and immediately curled up its giant body as light began to flow on its black scales, making it appear as if it were a black metal mountain.
Its defensive powers had been greatly boosted.
It was obviously planning on buying time. It only needed to wait for the two python shadows to rush over, before it would reverse this situation.
Tang Xiaoyna, Fan Yao and the rest gritted their teeth, not uttering a single word as they continued to unleash a frantic barrage of attacks.
In the distance, the disciples of the three sects did not even dare to breathe too loudly. They knew that their strategy would have basically failed once the two python shadows returned to the main body. When that happened, let alone thinking about dividing the six color lake, even escaping unscathed from the rage of the Spirit Ghost Python would be a problem.
Boom! Boom!
Torrents of Genesis Qi rained down upon the Spirit Ghost Python’s enormous body. Black blood continuously flowed from the python, but though it appeared to have sustained serious injuries, it was still very much alive, causing the hearts of Fan Yao, Tang Xiaoyan and the rest to sink.
The tenacity of the Spirit Ghost Python had far surpassed their expectations.
Bzzbzz!
At this moment, they suddenly sensed the space behind them begin to distort. In the next instant, two hissing night black python shadows emerged, which immediately darted towards the curled up Spirit Ghost Python.
Jin Zhang hurriedly yelled, “Stop them!”
The rest attacked, but the two python shadows turned transparent when the deadly Genesis Qi attacks flew past, Genesis Qi passing through instead of doing anything… as if they were ghosts.
It was impossible to stop them.
In that brief moment, the two python shadows had already neared the Spirit Ghost Python. The creature raised its head at this moment, extreme savageness infused in its eyes, as it locked onto Fan Yao and the others. Under its emotionless gaze, the hearts of the chief disciples trembled a little.
Wang Yuan clenched his jaw and unwillingly said, “We’re finished!”
Fan Yao was expressionless as his eyes rapidly flickered in thought. He was already prepared to retreat, because he knew that the situation would change once the Spirit Ghost Python managed to fuse.
Only danger awaited them if they continued to stay here.
He was obviously not the only one with such thoughts. The attacks of the others began to slow at this moment, evidently intending to conserve energy for their escape.
Under numerous anxious gazes, the two python shadows zipped even nearer to the Spirit Ghost Python, now mere seconds away from rushing into its body.
“Go!” Fan Yao had already cried out, as he began to back away without the slightest shred of hesitation.
Wang Yuan immediately followed.
Tang Xiaoyan lightly gritted her teeth. Although she was unwilling, she could only turn towards Zhao Ru. “Withdraw!”
Zhao Ru angrily stomped her foot in the air, but had no choice but to comply.
Jin Zhang frowned deeply as he urgently said, “Zhou Yuan, we should also retreat!”
However, Zhou Yuan did not follow the former, but instead stared at the wounded and bloodied body of the Spirit Ghost Python. He could feel its venomous gaze look back at him with a playful cruelness.
It was clearly also aware that the situation would soon turn in its favor. When that happened, it would destroy every single one of these loathsome flies.
Zhou Yuan looked straight at its vertical pupils, and slowly said, “Did you really believe that you’ll be able to turn things around?”
He extended a head towards the curled up Spirit Ghost Python, a sharp light flitting across his eyes as he suddenly shouted, “Erode!”
Bzz!
When his shout rang out, countless glows suddenly rushed out in the enormous body of the Spirit Ghost Python. Within these glows were countless thin hairs.
They belonged to the Heavenly Yuan Brush, and had been steadily sent into the python’s flesh each time its body had been torn open earlier.
Hss!
An intense pain instantly exploded in the Spirit Ghost Python’s body as it hissed in pain. It was as if a billion ants were biting away inside its body, frantically gnawing towards its heart.
The Spirit Ghost Python released a piercing hiss, while the reflection of the two python shadows rapidly grew in its eyes… once it fused with the shadows, it would be able to suppress the hairs that had invaded its body.
“Explode!”
However, a low voice was spat at from Zhou Yuan’s mouth at this moment.
Boom!
A muffled boom echoed within the Spirit Ghost Python’s body.
The enormous body instantly turned rigid, as the savageness within its vertical pupils swiftly faded. The life force in its body had been completely exterminated at this moment.
The two python shadows finally rushed into the Spirit Ghost Python’s body, but quickly flew back out split seconds later and dazedly floated outside.
Rumble!
The Spirit Ghost Python’s body slowly fell from the air, creating torrential waves as it plunged into the six color lake.
Zhou Yuan stood in the air, giant waves rising beneath his feet, as he calmly gazed at the corpse of the giant snake. The Heavenly Yuan Brush was pointed downwards at an angle, the hairs on its tip still flickering faintly.
The originally retreating figures of Fan Yao, Tang Xiaoyan and the others came to an abrupt halt as they turned towards the figure above the giant waves with a trace of astonishment.
They had clearly not expected Zhou Yuan to take away the Spirit Ghost Python’s life at the final moment, causing its attempt at fusion to end up in failure...
“He…” Zhao Ru’s expression rapidly fluctuated, a sliver of fear flitting across her eyes as she stared at Zhou Yuan’s figure.
Tang Xiaoyan also pursed her red lips, as her eyes flickered in thought.
Fan Yao’s eyes narrowed slightly, a dark look flashing in his eyes as he looked at the Heavenly Yuan Brush in Zhou Yuan’s hand. The latter’s Heaven Genesis Weapon was quite bizarre indeed.
*Uproar*!
In the distance, the Cangxuan Sect disciples exploded into excited cheers when they saw Zhou Yuan kill the Spirit Ghost Python at the very last moment.
A commotion also swept across the disciples from the other two sects, clearly stunned by Zhou Yuan’s last minute kill.
Zhou Yuan spat out a long drawn out breath, before lifting his head to look at Fan Yao, Tang Xiaoyan and the rest, as he playfully said, “Wasn’t everyone leaving?”
Tang Xiaoyan displayed a rather embarrassed look as she chuckled softly.
Fan Yao icily snorted. He had no way to retort against Zhou Yuan’s mockery.
Rumble!
However, just as Zhou Yuan was about to say something, his expression suddenly changed as he turned to focus on the center of the six color lake.
Tang Xiaoyan, Fan Yao and the rest also sensed something and immediately cast their gazes over.
Gurgle!
The lake water began to churn, as a giant whirlpool was formed, while a gorgeously dazzling ancient tree slowly rose from within.
“This is…?”
When the magnificent ancient tree appeared within everyone’s sights, gasps rang out one after another.
Gaze after gaze was practically glued to the ancient tree that seemed to grow out from the lake, unable to shift away.

