Chapter 581 Locking up the Python
Zhou Yuan and Jin Zhang began their work by the edge of the six color lake. Countless Genesis Runes appeared from their brushes, and swiftly fused into the air and water.
Yaoyao’s Heaven Disorientating Boundary was extremely complex, and although Zhou Yuan was already quite familiar with it, he could not achieve the same level of mastery as her. Fortunately, he did not need to trap nearly ten thousand Sword Cometh Peak disciples this time, but temporarily separate the Three-headed Spirit Ghost Python and its ghost python shadows.
Even so, it took more than half a day to set-up the boundary...
In the distance, the disciples of the three sects were closely watching.
Fan Yao stood in the air with his arms across his chest, icy light swirling in the depths of his eyes as he stared at the two working figures.
In contrast, Tang Xiaoyan was watching with keen interest. “I honestly never imagined that this chief disciple of the Cangxuan Sect would even be so adept in the art of Genesis Runes.”
Although she was not proficient in this area, she could still feel that Zhou Yuan’s boundary was pretty amazing.
“Who knows whether it will even work.” Zhao Ru was still filled with doubt.
“We can only pray that it will. Otherwise, we would have made a wasted trip.” Said Tang Xiaoyan. If they failed to split up the Three-headed Spirit Ghost Python and its shadows, all three parties would have no choice but to give up.
Zhao Ru was silent. Even she could not help but admit that they currently needed to rely on Zhou Yuan.
When the sun gradually began to set and cast its final rays onto the six color lake, Zhou Yuan finally breathed a heavy sigh of relief, before rising into the air with Jin Zhang.
“The preparations are done.”
“Will your boundary work? I hope that it won’t end up failing, and result in us being trapped instead.” Fan Yao sized-up the boundary as he sneered.
“Maybe you should go in and give it a test run?” Zhou Yuan smiled faintly.
Fan Yao icily snorted. He was naturally not stupid enough to really go in and test it, because he could indeed feel that there was something different about the lake.
“Let’s do it.” Zhou Yuan looked towards Tang Xiaoyan, no intention of wasting anymore saliva on Fan Yao.
Tang Xiaoyan gave a small nod in response. Soon after the six chief disciples flew forward once more, and slowly entered the enormous six color lake. Vigorous Genesis Qi converged towards their palms, before being hurled into the lake.
Boom!
The water churned, and a giant shadow soon rose from the surface once more. The Spirit Ghost Python vertical line like pupils locked onto the six individuals with boundless rage surging within them. It was obviously pissed by their repeated disturbances.
Hss!
The Spirit Ghost Python hissed at the sky, as a cold ash black torrent of Genesis Qi shot out from its giant mouth, and threatened to engulf the six figures.
The six of them did not dare to tarry, and quickly moved to avoid the blast. Meanwhile, more Genesis Qi attacks were prepared and sent blasting towards the snake from all directions, mercilessly bombarding its enormous body.
Bang! Bang!
Genesis Qi exploded on the Spirit Ghost Python’s body, smashing several of its night black scales. Although the attacks did not do much damage, they succeeded in angering the snake even more.
The Spirit Ghost Python body shot forth, ash black Genesis Qi propelling it into the air. Its tail tore through the air with a ‘ch’ sound, like an ash black thunderbolt as it swept towards the six tiny figures.
The two python shadows beside the main body also began to spew out torrents of Genesis Qi like dragons breathing fire.
The sight of these terrifying attacks made the scalps of the watching disciples turn numb. They would likely be sent flying at this moment if they had been part of the battle.
The six figures in the air did not dare to get hit either. The chief disciples pushed their speeds to the limit as they hurriedly weaved and ducked, slowly backing towards the area where the boundary was.
Boom! Boom!
An earth-shaking battle erupted on the six color lake, causing giant waves to rise and crash in every direction. Even the entire ancient mountain forest seemed to tremble at this moment.
Though Zhou Yuan and the other five continued to avoid the attacks as they retreated, they still looked to be in a rather tough spot.
They did not dare to use their full power before splitting the two python shadows from the Spirit Ghost Python’s main body. If the Spirit Ghost Python felt that it was being pressured, it would surely fuse and make the situation become even more impossible.
Fortunately, the six retreating figures finally neared the boundary location.
However, the Spirit Ghost Python suddenly began to slow down at this moment, as if it had sensed something.
“Not good, the beast is too perceptive!” Fan Yao immediately frowned when he saw this.
Sheeong!
A blast of golden Genesis Qi suddenly whizzed out from behind Fan Yao, and viciously smashed into one of the Spirit Ghost Python’s glowing lantern like eyes.
The powerful blow elicited a piercing hiss from the Spirit Ghost Python, its angry and savage eyes immediately looking towards Fan Yao.
Fan Yao’s heart’s shivered in alarm under the creature’s gaze. His head jerked around, only to find an ethereal figure swiftly disappearing behind him, causing him to curse in anger, “Zhou Yuan, you dare to set me up!”
Swoosh!
The words had barely left his lips, when a dreadful force descended from the sky. The Spirit Ghost Python was fully convinced that Fan Yao had attacked it, and had immediately unleashed a crazy barrage of attacks at the latter.
Fan Yao’s miserable figure hurriedly retreated, constantly ducking and avoiding.
But as the Spirit Ghost Python gave chase, it finally entered the range of the boundary.
“Zhou Yuan, why are you still not activating the boundary!” Howled Fan Yao. He was currently being focused by the Spirit Ghost Python, and most of its attacks were aimed straight at him. In fact, there were already a few instances where he had nearly been hit.
Zhou Yuan smiled playfully when he saw this, but did not allow the situation to drag any further. He clearly understood that it was most important to first slay the Spirit Ghost Python.
His hands formed a seal, and his Spirit began to vibrate, sending out waves of Spirit power.
As the Spirit power spread, countless Genesis Runes began to emerge and glow from the air and water. Innumerable strings of light shot out and swiftly linked up, as an enormous boundary slowly appeared amidst the countless stunned gazes.
As the Genesis Rune boundary appeared, the space within began to distort as if being torn and separated.
The Spirit Ghost Python also stopped at this moment, as bewilderment surfaced in its vertical pupils. It was as if it had been transported to a different location, while the two python shadows that had always accompanied it had been separated from it a split second earlier.
Hss!
The Spirit Ghost Python felt a sense of unease rise within it as it hissed. Its giant tail viciously lashed at the surrounding space with terrifying power, violently shaking the wall of light created from numerous interweaving Genesis Runes.
The space before it rippled, as six figures slowly appeared.
Besides Zhou Yuan, the others stared in shock at this scene. The boundary appeared to be working...
Tang Xiaoyan’s eyes gleamed as she looked towards Zhou Yuan with a sweet smile, “Chief disciple Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Rune mastery has truly reached the peak of perfection.”
Zhao Ru’s mouth was tightly, no longer making any snarky remarks. The first time, there was some amazement in her eyes when she looked towards Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan chuckled and looked towards Fan Yao. “Chief disciple Fan Yao, my forty percent share is quite worth it after all, right?”
The corners of Fan Yao’s mouth twitched for a moment, before he forced himself to smile.
Zhou Yuan did not say anything else to Fan Yao, as his gaze turned towards the rampaging Spirit Ghost Python in the boundary. “Prepare to go all out. This boundary will not be able to trap it for long, and if we fail to finish it off in half an incense stick of time, get ready to retreat…”
No one argued this time, all five individuals nodding in acknowledgement.
Boom!
In the next instant, six powerful Genesis Qi undulations erupted in the boundary.
Six figures appeared around the Spirit Ghost Python...
Their hostile gazes stared at the Spirit Ghost Python. It was finally time to return all the built up frustration from being chased earlier.
Without the threat of the two python shadows, the six individuals were no longer afraid of the Spirit Ghost Python main body.

