Chapter 402 Meeting Qingyu Again
No one in the noisy building had taken much notice of Zhou Yuan, but after Zuoqiu Qingyu looked at him with smiling eyes, he immediately became the focal point of the entire place, as numerous gazes shot towards him.
“You two know each other?” Feng Ying was also rather surprised, and soon began to size Zhou Yuan up.
She had previously thought Zhou Yuan to be the same as those fellows surrounding Zuoqiu Qingyi, men hoping to win the favor of this beauty. However, Zuoqiu Qingyu’s response clearly showed that the two of them were actually quite close.
Zuoqiu Qingyu’s sharp chin nodded as she grinned. “Senior sister Feng Ying, Zhou Yuan and I are from the same continent, and he was the most outstanding one amongst our generation back then. In fact, even Luluo and I couldn’t match up to him.”
Feng Ying gazed at the smile on Zuoqiu Qingyu’s face, before she turned back to Zhou Yuan with interest and said, “Though your Cangmang Continent is small, it seems to produce many talents.”
Zuoqiu Qingyu and Luluo were extremely outstanding saplings amongst the newest batch of Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace disciples, and even the numerous elders of the palace had nothing but praise for these two girls, who were both from the remote Cangmang Continent.
She never imagined that Zhou Yuan was also from the same continent.
“Hehe, I’ve heard of the Cangmang Continent… however, distinguishing oneself at that level is quite meaningless. At the end of the day, what comes later is more important.”
“There are many who manage to pull off a brilliant performance for a time, but eventually fade into mediocrity.”
“Junior sister Qingyu is very talented, and will surely become one of the most famous individuals amongst our Shengzhou Continent’s younger generation in the future. There’s no need for you to be so humble.”
The group of young man around Zuoqiu Qingyu were the geniuses from the top factions of Black Flame Province, and commanded extremely high status locally.
They had been amazed the moment they saw Zuoqiu Qingyu earlier, and quickly crowded over like bees to a flower.
However, no matter how they tried to make conversation, Zuoqiu Qingyu had always responded with the same polite smile, keeping a certain distance. This made them feel rather defeated, yet also spurred them on.
However, the lively smile she displayed when she saw Zhou Yuan made them feel uncomfortable inside. As such, they began to speak out one after another, their words aiming to belittle Zhou Yuan.
Though the Cangxuan Sect was an overlord existence that their own factions could never hope to compare to, the youngsters present were not ordinary disciples in their respective factions. Hence, there was no reason for them to be overly fearful of a normal Cangxuan Sect disciple like Zhou Yuan. He was after all only a disciple, and not a Chosen like Li Qingchan and the rest.
Zuoqiu Qingyu maintained her smile when she heard their remarks, but a look of annoyance flitted across the depths of her eyes. These flies were really loathsome.
As for Yang Xuan, he did not join in to demean Zhou Yuan. His expression remained friendly like before, because he did not think Zhou Yuan was any threat at all.
Zhou Yuan merely smiled at these words, displaying no anger because of them.
It was Li Qingchan instead whose icy glaze swept over. She looked at the ones who had spoken and indifferently said, “It’s only been half a year since Zhou Yuan has joined the Cangxuan Sect, and he’s already our youngest purple sash disciple. In fact, he may even become a Chosen in the future. With such talent, there is naturally no need for anyone to doubt him.”
Although Li Qingchan had some opinions about Zhou Yuan due to his relationship with Yaoyao, the former felt that none of the geniuses from the various factions present could match up to his performance in the Cangxuan Sect.
Upon hearing Li Qingchan’s words, the young men’s laughter came to an abrupt halt. They looked towards Zhou Yuan in bewilderment, obviously unable to imagine how this unremarkable looking fellow could possibly be so capable.
Zuoqiu Qingyu also curiously looked at Zhou Yuan with a smile on her red lips. As expected, even in a place like the Cangxuan Sect, he was not going to live a peaceful and ordinary life.
It now Yang Xuan’s turn to react. He raised his brows slightly, as the unreadable look in his eyes seemed to grow a little deeper.
Zhou Yuan looked towards Li Qingchan in astonishment, clearly not expecting her to speak up for him since she had always treated him rather coldly.
Though he was surprised, the truth was that he did not really mind the views of these unimportant people.
Feng Ying covered her mouth and softly chuckled. “Looks like I’m not wrong. The Cangmang Continent has indeed been producing quite a few talented individuals recently.”
Li Qingchan say anything else on the topic. After a brief chat, she decided to leave.
“There will be a fair happening here tonight. If you have nothing else to do, you should come and take a look.” Said Feng Ying with a smile. She seemed to be on a holiday instead of a mission.
Li Qingchan offhandedly nodded before turning to leave.
Zhou Yuan exchanged a look with Zuoqiu Qingyu, faintly nodding before he turned to catch up to Li Qingchan.
As they left, a Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace disciple beside Zuoqiu Qingyu looked towards Feng Ying and asked, “Senior sister Feng Ying, was Li Qingchan really telling the truth earlier? The one called Zhou Yuan does not seem that strong.”
Feng Ying fell silent for a moment, glancing at Zuoqiu Qingyu who was also looking over, before she answered, “From what I can tell, Zhou Yuan is at most a fourth layer Alpha-Origin practitioner.”
Upon hearing these words, the other pretty female disciples began to laugh. With the exception of new disciple Zuoqiu Qingyu, everyone else was at the very least the sixth layer. Zhou Yuan’s fourth layer was truly a little low to them.
The geniuses from the local Black Flame Province factions also smiled when they heard this, shaking their heads as they secretly breathed a sigh of relief inside. They had been under the impression that Zhou Yuan was quite capable. Turns out that he was merely at the fourth layer Alpha-Origin stage...
With such strength, he would pose no threat to them, even if he was from the Cangxuan Sect.
Zuoqiu Qingyu was the only one whose expression remained unchanged. She clearly understood that Zhou Yuan’s true power was never what it appeared to be on the surface.
Back then in the Saint Remains Domain, no one would ever have expected that even the strongest Wu Huang would be defeated by the weakest looking Zhou Yuan.
Feng Ying lifted her gaze to look at Zhou Yuan following Li Qingchan at the back of the group and shook her head as she left her final verdict.
“Li Qingchan is usually so cold. I did not expect her to brag so much just to protect one of her fellow junior brother disciples. Can’t believe I was nearly tricked by her…”
“However, it is no good to scam others, because the truth will be completely revealed once we enter the Black Flame Mountain Range…”

