Chapter 93 Silver Shadow
Shock was present on Zhou Yuan’s and Su Youwei’s faces as they stared at the silver battle armor before them. There was also some amazement in Yaoyao’s pretty eyes as she observed the armor for a while before she said, “This is not a battle armor, but a battle puppet."
“Battle puppet?” Zhou Yuan was taken aback.
“The Battle Puppet Sect does have some ability. To think that they managed to create a battle puppet of this level.” There was some admiration in Yaoyao’s voice.
“If I am not wrong, this battle puppet does not function independently, but fuses with a person and operates as a support of sorts, giving the wielder astonishing power.”
“To fuse human and battle puppet, tch tch, this Battle Puppet Sect really dares to innovate.”
“Fusion with a human?” Zhou Yuan frowned, evidently unable to comprehend.
Yaoyao instructed, “Touch it with your hand.”
Zhou Yuan hesitated a little before reaching out, his finger very cautiously touching the silver battle armor in front him.
Rumble!
The moment Zhou Yuan’s finger came into contact with the battle armor, the latter swiftly began to dissolve, transforming into silver liquid that began to flow along Zhou Yuan’s finger towards his arm.
In a short span of a few breaths, the silver liquid had completely covered Zhou Yuan’s entire body.
After covering his body, the silver liquid began to solidify and the silver armor from before swiftly emerged on his body.
The tightly shut eyes of the silver battle armor suddenly opened. Silver light seemed to flow within them as a cry of surprise emerged from its mouth, “What a magical battle puppet!”
Although the voice was a little different, it had clearly originated from Zhou Yuan.
“I feel that I’ve become terrifying powerful.” Zhou Yuan was very surprised. The silver battle armor was tightly wrapped around his body, and he could control this battle puppet as if it were his own body.
The two had truly fused together and were in perfect harmony.
The most shocking thing for Zhou Yuan however, was that he now seemed to have become overwhelmingly powerful.
The silver battle armor had bestowed an astonishing amount of power unto him.
As he felt the violently surging power, Zhou Yuan could not help but want to give it a try. Hence, he suddenly clenched his hand and the silver battle armor’s sharp hand also closed immediately.
Zhou Yuan went down on one knee and sent a fierce punch at the ground below.
Boom!
This punch caused the entire underground palace to shake violently. Next, Zhou Yuan watched in shock as a giant crack grew on the ground in front of him, extending to multiple cracks akin to the shell of a tortoise.
Zhou Yuan joyfully cried out, “Such power. This punch is comparable to the attack of an Alpha-Origin expert!”
However, the moment his voice faded, an intense pain suddenly emerged between his brows as the scene before his eyes rapidly darkened.
The silver battle armor abruptly retracted, returning to the form of a silver ball as it hovered in front of him. Zhou Yuan tumbled out from the armor, falling head first to the ground. His eyes closed in grimace while his face had become rather pale.
“Your highness?!” Su Youwei’s expression immediately changed when she saw this and hastily rushed forward to support him.
Su Youwei worriedly asked, “Big sis Yaoyao, what happened to him?”
Yaoyao also walked forward and took a look. “He’s fine, it’s just that he exhausted his spirit. He’ll slowly recover after some rest.”
Su Youwei breathed a sigh of relief. Her fair and slender fingers reached out and gently massaged Zhou Yuan’s temples.
Zhou Yuan’s coma lasted for almost an hour before he groggily came back to his senses. The first thing he did was grab his head with both hands, a head that felt as if it was about to explode.
Quite some time later, the pain finally subsided somewhat, but his face was still deathly pale. He looked towards Yaoyao, heart thudding loudly as he inquired, “What happened to me?”
Yaoyao irritably rolled her eyes at him and said in a displeased voice, “Who asked you to use such power so carelessly.”
“This battle puppet will link to your Spirit after fusion and is powered by your Spirit. Have a good look at what level your Spirit is currently at, do you really believe that you can easily utilise a battle puppet that possesses power akin to the Alpha-Origin stage?”
“The consequence of forcibly using such power will be the exhaustion of your Spirit. Fortunately, you were pretty lucky this time and did not use too much power, or your Spirit would have been sucked dry.”
Horror surfaced on Zhou Yuan’s face.
It was clear that he had never expected such dangers when using the battle puppet.
“Why didn’t you tell me earlier!” Lamented Zhou Yuan. How could he possibly have known?
There was some lingering fear together with feelings of regret in his heart as he looked at the floating silver ball again. He had previously believed that he would be able to match Alpha-Origin experts with the battle puppet, but he now realised that he had been far too naive. There was indeed no such thing as power that came without any price in this world.
Zhou Yuan massaged the spot between his brows as he said, “Big sis Yaoyao, you should take this puppet, it suits you.”
“So self-aware?” Yaoyao playfully smiled, but shook her head soon after.
“Your blood has already fused with it earlier and I do not know the reversal procedure. I’m afraid that no one else besides yourself will be able to use this silver battle puppet.”
“Uh…”
Zhou Yuan awkwardly scratched his head, he had evidently not expected that the drop of blood from before had already caused the battle puppet to acknowledge him as its master.
Yaoyao said with some interest, “However, you can pass it to me to study for the time being. If I manage to gather enough material in future, I may try to create one.”
Zhou Yuan naturally nodded.
“Looks like I have to at least raise the level of my Spirit to the Corporeal realm to properly bring out the power of this battle puppet.” Zhou Yuan felt that it was such a pity. He was currently at the mid Illusory stage and god knows just how long it would take to reach the Corporeal stage.
“Keep dreaming, this battle puppet is likely the best masterpiece of the Battle Puppet Sect. Think about it, fusion of human and battle puppet such that even one’s Genesis skills and techniques can be used through borrowing the power of the battle puppet. It’s hard to imagine how they managed to implement such a bold idea.”
“Moreover, if you become more proficient in Genesis Runes in future, you may even make it even stronger.”
Yaoyao stared at the silver ball as she sighed in admiration, “It possess the ability to grow, a trait that other battle puppets are unable to match. This is why I said that the Battle Puppet Sect does have some ability.”
After hearing Yaoyao’s evaluation, Zhou Yuan was at last able to comprehend just how awesome the silver battle armor was, causing him to grin involuntarily. This battle puppet was indeed a real treasure. Even if he was unable to utilise it for the time being, it may become a huge aid to him in future.
“I’ll call you Silver Shadow.” Zhou Yuan smiled at the silver ball. A unique existence such as itself deserved a proper name.
As if hearing Zhou Yuan’s words, a silver glow emerged from the silver ball.
Zhou Yuan returned the silver ball back into the jade case, before very carefully keeping it in his Universe bag.
Subsequently, they searched the underground palace again, but did not find anything else. Though this was the case, Zhou Yuan and Su Youwei were already very satisfied with their haul, while Yaoyao did not really care at all.
Since they had already obtained the treasures of the underground palace, Zhou Yuan smiled and said, “Let’s go.”
The trio left the underground palace, the bronze doors closing behind them as the Genesis Rune boundary was gradually restored. Zhou Yuan gazed at the boundary that had closed itself once again as worry faded from his heart. When they returned to Great Zhou City, he would tell Zhou Qing to send men to manage this place. Once they were able to take control of these battle puppets, the power of the Great Zhou royal clan would definitely soar.
This underground palace was the beginning of hope for the Great Zhou Empire.
...

