Chapter 215 Accommodation
“How does a quasi Alpha-Origin like him have the qualifications to become a first class disciple?”
“If even he can become a first class disciple, why can’t we?”
“......”
Questioning voices swept across the sky and land. Practically everyone present was filled with indignation when they saw this.
Those evaluated as second class disciples in particular were extremely unhappy. Even they had not been evaluated as first class, so why did a quasi Alpha-Origin kid get it?
The third class disciples were even more envious and jealous, their eyes practically tinged red.
Only the high and mighty first class disciples merely watched with the cold eyes of a bystander. However, their gazes were not too friendly when they looked towards Zhou Yuan, as if a dirty dog had somehow entered the ranks of tigers and leopards.
The young man in white called Lu Feng merely watched with an uncaring gaze. He only glanced at Zhou Yuan once, before withdrawing his eyes, clearly paying no heed to this matter.
On the stage, Zhou Yuan’s expression remained calm in the face of the numerous questioning voices.
Chen Yuan wore a smile on his face. Only after the voices faded somewhat did he extend a hand to indicate for everyone to be quiet as he said, “This new disciple’s situation is a little different. There’s an esteemed master who has vouched for him.”
These words first silenced the plaza, before they burst out into an even greater uproar.
“Tch, so he got in through the back door…”
Numerous new disciples shook their heads inside, disdain flowing out on their faces. Although they too wished deep down that they could be in the same situation, when it happened to someone else, they could not help but begin mocking.
Dressed in red, the slender, sexy Gu Hongyi had initially been interested to know how a quasi Alpha-Origin could become a first class disciple.
After hearing Chun Yuan’s words however, her red lips curled downwards slightly.
She shook her head in disappointment as her eyes turned away, no longer giving Zhou Yuan any further attention.
On the stage, Chen Yuan waved his hand at Zhou Yuan and said with a wide grin, “Alright, you can go now.”
Zhou Yuan indifferently glanced at the former. How could he not know that this was done on purpose. However, he did not say anything because it was true that he did appear to be a quasi Alpha-Origin on the surface, a fact that would draw criticism regardless of when he became a first class disciple.
The only way to deal with such criticism was to prove oneself, something he would naturally have a chance to do in the future.
Hence, he directly returned to his original spot under numerous watching gazes.
The nearby group of Luo Song and gang returned to their senses at this moment. With a hollow laugh, he put on a fake smile as he said to Zhou Yuan, “I did not expect this friend to have such solid relations…”
“However, you’ll only end up losing out in the end. Not many disciples will be willing to come into contact with you in the future.”
The crowd around him nodded. Although they were envious inside, they righteously criticized Zhou Yuan for pulling strings.
Yaoyao frowned slightly and turned her head to the side, revealing a perfect side face profile, her skin seemingly suffused with a jade glow.
Luo Song was elated when he saw Yaoyao look at him for the first time. Before he could speak however, Yaoyao’s red lips parted slightly. “Scram.”
Luo Song’s expression instantly turned rigid, while the corners of the mouths of his group twitched. It was obvious that none of them had expected this aloof goddess like girl would be so crude.
White and green interlaced on their faces, but they did not dare to say anything in the end. Yaoyao was after all a true-blue first class disciple.
Luo Song shot a look of hatred at Zhou Yuan before leaving in embarrassment.
On the stage, Chen Yuan faced the still clamouring crowd and said in a nonchalant voice, “There is no need for any of you to grumble. The Cangxuan Sect’s rules are fair, and will not be biased towards anyone. If you cannot accept this result, feel free to challenge them.”
“A first class disciple may not be fixed forever. If one is incapable, he or she will naturally be replaced.”
“So, don’t be relieved just because you became a first class disciple. The right path is still to continue training hard.”
Chen Yuan’s words made several disciples begin to stir as several malicious gazes were cast in Zhou Yuan’s direction.
If one was to consider who would be the easiest to replace amongst the over hundred first class disciples present, the answer was pretty obvious.
Chen Yuan ignored the crowd’s response as he continued to speak, “Starting now, you will be training here for the next three months, after which will be the peak selection ceremony. Only those that pass the ceremony and enter the seven peaks can be truly considered disciples of the Cangxuan Sect. Those that fail will become outer mountain disciples, and may also enter the seven peaks if the contribution conditions are met.”
The hearts of the numerous new disciples shivered. Those that could enter the Cangxuan Sect were naturally prideful geniuses. Hence, failing to enter the seven peaks would be a tremendous blow to them.
“Your accommodation can be found on the disciple token.”
“From tomorrow onwards, every disciple will begin training in Genesis Mountain. It is a specially constructed cultivation paradise of the Cangxuan Sect, so you better grasp this chance well.”
Chen Yuan’s words caused another surge of noise to wash over the plaza. Desire rose in the eyes of the Shengzhou Continent geniuses, clearly already aware of what it was.
The geniuses from the other continents were at a loss, and could only humbly seek help.
Thus, several of the Shengzhou geniuses looked towards the other continent geniuses as if they were looking at country bumpkins, and said with an air of superiority, “You guys don’t even know of Genesis Mountain?”
“Genesis Mountain is a type of cultivation haven created by the Cangxuan Sect. It’s shaped like a volcano with a Genesis Rune boundary carved on its insides to absorb Genesis Qi which is then purified by several Genesis Rune boundaries, causing the Genesis Qi that spouts out to be so much more pure.”
“The most wonderful aspect of Genesis Mountain is the Heavenly Genesis Flower planted on every cultivation platform. One only needs to feed Genesis jade to this Heavenly Genesis Flower, and it will draw out the Genesis Qi in the mountain and send it spouting out.”
“The Genesis Qi from the Heavenly Genesis Flower is not only purer than normal, but also contains some of its essence that can continuously temper the flowing Genesis Qi in the body. It can be said to be a cultivation treasure.”
The numerous new disciples from the other continents were confused. Although they sounded very amazing, what exactly were these Genesis jade and Heavenly Genesis Flower?
“Genesis jade is an item manufactured by the Cangxuan Sect. You may treat it as a substitute for Genesis crystals, though it can only be used in the sect. One can exchange Genesis jade in the Hidden Scripture Pavillion and the Glittering Jewels Pavillion for all kinds Genesis techniques, medicinal pills, Genesis Weapons…”
Chen Yuan opened his mouth to speak at this moment, “You new disciples will receive 30 Genesis jade pieces at the beginning of every month. The Genesis jade pieces for this month has already been placed in your quarters.”
“As for Genesis Mountain, you will naturally understand when you train tomorrow.”
He waved his hand and said, “Everyone should go find their living quarters.”
After speaking, he turned around and left in an unhurried manner.
The plaza turned into a chaotic mess as numerous disciples began to scatter, using the instructions on the token to search for their living quarters.
Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao also followed the instructions, passing through the verdant mountain, before ultimately coming to a stop at the rear of the mountain. At the waist of the mountain stood exquisite little house after house, powerful Genesis Qi pulsing in the surroundings.
Behind them, Shen Wanjin sighed and remarked, “Little Yuan bro, big sis Yao, the first class disciple treatment really is countless times better than third class disciples like us.”
Perhaps for the new disciples to better look out for each other, the Cangxuan Sect had temporarily grouped the geniuses from the same continent together.
Shen Wanjin, Xiao Tianxuan and the rest were situated at the foot of the mountain nearby. However, their living quarters were what seemed to be a series of joined little huts that looked rather simplistic. Compared to Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao, the difference was pretty vast.
The others nodded one after another, envy filling their eyes.
They were geniuses that had lived a life of luxury in the past. Now however, their living standards had fallen drastically, and it was going to be pretty hard to get used.
Zhou Yuan chuckled and comforted them a little, before beginning to climb up to the waist of the mountain with Yaoyao. Their two little houses were quite close after all.
After entering their respective houses, Zhou Yuan began to look around with some interest, finding the place very satisfactory. Most importantly, he had discovered the Genesis Rune boundary in the little house that continuously collected the surrounding Genesis Qi. Living in such a place for a long period would definitely be very beneficial to his cultivation.
On a table in the house, he saw a cloth bag which he picked up and shook, causing tinkling sounds to emerge.
He reached in a grabbed a strip of jade that was the size of a baby’s fist. The clear jade sparkled as pure Genesis Qi spread from it.
Zhou Yuan curiously mumbled to himself, “Is this a Genesis jade piece?”
Everything here felt so fresh.
Zhou Yuan arrived at the balcony on the second floor as warm sunlight sprinkled down and bathed his body. It felt extremely comfortable.
Zhou Yuan closed his eyes in enjoyment for a brief moment, before he suddenly felt a gaze looked towards him from far away. He looked over, only to see another little house on the right.
A pretty figure in red gracefully stood on the balcony, her slender and sexy figure made even more apparent when she leaned against the railing.
It was Gu Hongyi.
Upon sensing Zhou Yuan’s gaze, Gu Hongyi frowned slightly before turning around and entering the house. She clearly did not approve of this first class disciple that had pulled strings to obtain his status.
Zhou Yuan merely chuckled upon seeing this, unbothered by her attitude.
*Knock knock*!
Knocking sounded from below. With a thought from Zhou Yuan, the doors opened as Yaoyao leisurely walked in carrying Tuntun. She began to examine the place, eventually arriving on the balcony that received ample sunlight and nodded in a satisfactory manner.
“What are you doing?” At the sight of this, Zhou Yuan suddenly felt that something was amiss.
“My place is too shady, and it’s much better here. I will be staying on the second floor while you live on the first floor.” Yaoyao smiled faintly at Zhou Yuan, no reservation whatsoever as she took over the best spot in the house.
Zhou Yuan was stunned. “You’re going to live with me?”
“I don’t cultivate anyways, so I won’t use your Genesis Qi.” Replied Yaoyao.
Zhou Yuan hastily said, “That’s not what I meant.”
Yaoyao limpid eyes narrowed slightly as she looked towards Zhou Yuan. “You are objecting?”
Ow ow!
In Yaoyao’s arms, Tuntun barked menacingly.
Thus, Zhou Yuan could only let out a hollow chuckle. “No.”
Only then did Yaoyao nod her head in satisfaction.
As he gazed at her graceful figure, Zhou Yuan did not know whether to laugh or cry. What the heck was this? Living under the same roof?
He shook his head, shifted his gaze towards the bright sky and suddenly laughed. Life in the Cangxuan Sect… seemed to be pretty good. He was looking forward to the future here.

