Chapter 433 Commotion
Numerous disciples inside the hall were still in a dazed state even after Zhou Yuan was done keeping his two jade tiles. He paid no attention to them, mere casting a glance at the rigid Xu Yan, Wang Lei, Lu Xuanyin and gang.
This group had obviously specially made a trip here to watch him make a fool of himself, but they never would have imagined that the final outcome would surpass their expectations in such a manner.
Zhou Yuan cupped his fists at Li Qingchan and said, “Senior sister Qingchan, I’ll be returning to Saint Genesis Peak since the mission is over. Thanks for taking care of me during the trip.”
Li Qingchan gave a faint nod in response. “No need to be so humble. All of us know who the biggest contributor was.”
Zhou Yuan chuckled, before waving his goodbyes to Bai Li and the rest. Under the attention of the crowd, he walked out of the grand hall and rose into the sky on his Genesis Qi.
He had begun to miss Yaoyao and Tuntun a little after two months.
After Zhou Yuan’s departure, the atmosphere in the hall slowly recovered. However, many disciples still had strange looks on their faces, evidently unable to imagine how Zhou Yuan had been given the chief credit.
Xu Yan, Wang Lei and gang quickly arrived at Zhao Zhu side, unable to stop themselves from asking, “Senior brother Zhao Zhu, is there some kind of mistake? If even someone like you did not get the chief credit, how could Zhou Yuan possible obtain it?!”
By the side, Li Qingchan frowned a little. She swept a glance at Zhao Zhu before walking away.
Bai Li and the rest shot a look of pity towards Wang Lie and gang, before quickly following Li Qingchan.
Wang Lei, Xu Yan and the rest were rather baffled by these gazes. Before they could ask, Zhao Zhu threw a vicious glare at them and growled, “All of you shut up. Stop being so disgraceful!”
With a wave of his sleeve, he left Wang Lei and the rest behind, walking away with an expressionless face.
Wang Lei and gang were clearly a little resentful after being receiving such a scolding. They could only look to each other as they felt depressingly frustrated inside.
...
After leaving the Mission Hall, Zhou Yuan directly returned to Saint Genesis Peak, landing just outside his cave dwelling.
When he arrived, however, he saw a roly-poly figure leisurely lying right outside the cave. When he took a closer look, who else did he find but Shen Wanjin.
Upon hearing the sound of rushing wind, Shen Wanjin lazily lifted his head. He seemed to jerk a little at the sight of Zhou Yuan, before hurriedly climbing to his feet as he joyfully said, “Little Yuan bro, you’re back at last!”
Zhou Yuan was rather puzzled. “Why are you here? Where’s Yaoyao?”
Shen Wanjin revealed a simple grin as he said, “Boss sister Yaoyao also left a few days after your departure.”
“Left?!” Zhou Yuan was immediately alarmed, and hastily asked, “Where did she go?!”
“Boss sister Yaoyao also took on a Heaven level mission, and tasked me to take care of the cave dwelling right before she left. That’s why I’m usually here.” Replied Shen Wanjin.
Zhou Yuan frowned a little, unable to stop himself from becoming somewhat worried inside. Although Yaoyao was stronger than him, her identity was very mysterious. What would he do if something happened!
How would he be able to explain himself to master Cang Yuan?
“Don’t worry little Yuan bro, boss sister Yaoyao has immeasurable strength, and even a Heaven level mission should not be too dangerous for her.” Consoleded Shen Wanjin.
Zhou Yuan smiled bitterly as he nodded. Since everything had already happened, all he could do was try to relax as he waited, while hoping that nothing bad would happen to her.
After chatting with Shen Wanjin for a while, he waved goodbye and entered the cave dwelling to rest. The long journey back had been very tiring after all.
While Zhou Yuan was resting, he was unaware of how news of him obtaining the chief credit was spreading throughout the entire Cangxuan Sect as if it had wings, causing a huge commotion.
Most of the disciples were very doubtful in the beginning, some even suspecting if Li Qingchan was the reason behind it. After all, how could a practically negligible existence in the team ultimately end up with the chief credit?
Or maybe… Li Qingchan herself had given her credit token to Zhou Yuan?
But such a thought was immediately met by even stronger feelings of rejection. Li Qingchan was the number one beauty in the sect, who was adored by countless disciples. She was as cold as ice, and never allowed anyone from the opposite sex to get close. What would it mean If she had indeed went so far for Zhou Yuan? Could their ice goddess have feelings for him?
If this was true, it would definitely draw public anger.
These opinions quickly caused giant waves in the sect, and eventually made their way to Li Qingchan’s ears. It naturally made her quite outraged, but before she could make a statement, the Mission Hall beat her to the punch by publishing the details of the mission, including how Zhou Yuan had battled against the Sacred Palace’s Yang Xuan, and miraculously turned the tides against all odds.
Once this information was released, an uproar swept over the countless disciples of the sect, everyone completely flabbergasted.
This was obviously extremely difficult for them to believe. After all, before Zhou Yuan left for the mission, his battle accomplishment had been limited to a controversial draw against Xu Yan, while the latter was clearly not as strong as Bai Li and the rest.
On the other hand, Yang Xuan was an existence that even the combined might of Bai Li and Qin Hai had failed to defeat. What’s more, the former was even said to have nearly reached the eighth layer level. Even among the purple sash disciples of the Cangxuan Sect, such strength was absolutely top tier, and gave one the qualifications to contend for the chief disciple seat of the various peaks.
Zhou Yuan was actually able to defeat someone like this?!
Had he really grown so strong in a short two months?
No matter how much in disbelief they were, information from the Mission Hall was unquestionable. As such, the rare peace that had descended on the Cangxuan Sect for the past two months had once again been disrupted due to Zhou Yuan’s return.
...
“Zhou Yuan defeated an eighth layer opponent?!”
Saint Genesis Peak, elder Lu Song’s faction.
Lu Yan’s eyes were extremely round, disbelief dyeing her entire face. She had obviously just heard the newly released information from the Mission Hall.
There was also some surprise on elder Lu Song’s face as he held a teapot in his hands. Soon after, he sighed and said, “It is truly impossible to estimate that little one’s abilities.”
He then looked towards Lu Yan and asked, “Do you still dare to underestimate him?”
Li Yan’s pouted. “Yes yes yes, I know that he’s very capable. Is this enough?”
She paused for a moment, before continuing, “However, it also says that Zhou Yuan obtained a Heaven Genesis Weapon, and only managed to put up a fight against Yang Xuan by borrowing its powers.”
“Obtaining a Heaven Genesis Weapon is his luck and fate, which is naturally also a type of strength.” Elder Lu Song chuckled. “At this rate, Zhou Yuan may really have the qualifications to participate in our upcoming Saint Genesis Peak chief disciple selection.”
“Hehe, looks like you’ve got another competitor.”
Lu Yan softly snorted when she heard this. “I admit that he is quite talented, but it will be a little too naive of him to believe that he will be able to contest for the chief disciple seat with just a Heaven Genesis Weapon.”
Elder Lu Song laughed, before softly sighing. Compared to Zhou Yuan, Lu Hong’s faction was clearly going to be the greatest obstacle for the upcoming chief disciple selection.
If they allowed Lu Hong’s faction to win the chief disciple seat, his faction would likely become the master faction of Saint Genesis Peak in the future. When that happened, their other two factions would undoubtedly be given less cultivation resources and bullied even more.
This was not good for them at all.
...
Saint Genesis Peak, elder Lu Hong’s faction.
In a certain stone pavilion, after hearing the report from his disciple, elder Lu Hong sneered and said, “This brat really does not know his place. Can’t believe he stirred up such a sensation the moment he returned.”
Outside the stone pavilion, Wei Youxuan, who had lost to Zhou Yuan in the cave match, said with a grave expression, “Teacher Lu, I’ve heard Zhou Yuan has grown much stronger and is now able to fight against an eighth layer opponent.”
“If he has really grown so powerful, I’m afraid that elder Shen Taiyuan will send him out to participate in the upcoming chief disciple selection.”
A mocking smile rose from the corners of Lu Hong’s lips when he heard this, before he looked towards a figure seated in front of him. The figure was tall and muscular like a metal tower, wore a cold look of indifference on his face, and a powerful pressure pulsed from his body.
It was elder Lu Hong’s first disciple, Yuan Hong.
And also the strongest contender for the upcoming chief disciple selection.
“Yuan Hong, what do you think?” Asked Lu Hong.
Yuan Hong lifted his head, his voice cold and indifferent as he responded, “Yang Xuan can just barely be considered an eighth layer Alpha-Origin expert. His Genesis Qi was unstable and can suppress the likes of Bai Li, Qin Hai and the rest.”
“Zhou Yuan’s victory was undoubtedly due to the advantage of his Heaven Genesis Weapon. If he dares to participate in the chief disciple selection, he will soon understand that a Heaven Genesis Weapon will not be able to protect him.” Not the slightest shred of emotion could be detected in Lu Hong’s voice. Zhou Yuan’s amazing battle accomplishment in the Heaven mission was clearly not even worth mentioning in his eyes.
A smile was revealed on Lu Hong’s face when he heard this, evidently extremely satisfied with this first disciple he had poured all his effort in grooming. Yuan Hong had not disappointed his teacher. After following elder Lu Hong to Saint Genesis Peak, Yuan Hong had become an insurmountable mountain in the hearts of the disciples from the other two factions.
“Though Zhou Yuan has talent, he is still lacking in experience. There is no need to worry about him.”
“Yuan Hong, you absolutely cannot fail in the upcoming chief disciple selection this year. In fact, peak master Ling Jun has also repeatedly reminded me about this matter. As long as our faction takes the chief disciple seat, we will become the master faction of Saint Genesis Peak…”
“When that happens, we shall reallocate all of Saint Genesis Peak’s cultivation resources, and the other two factions will no longer have any right to compete with us. As for Zhou Yuan, so what is he’s talented? We’ll make up some excuse to take away his cave dwelling and cut his cultivation resources. Let’s see what he’ll be able to do then. So what if he’s a genius? Hehe, that’s the only thing our Cangxuan Sect doesn’t lack the most.” A disdainful smile rose on Lu Hong’s lips as he looked towards Yuan Hong.
“When that time comes, I am certain he will regret not joining our faction back then, and instead choosing that useless old coot Shen Wanjin.”
Lu Hong nodded, cold pride in his eyes.
“Don’t worry teacher Lu, there’s nothing to fear from the other two factions of Saint Genesis Peak. The chief disciple seat will definitely be mine.”

