Chapter 201 Patriarch Cang Xuan
When Zhou Yuan was nearly about to burst into tears due to the difference in treatment, Yaoyao raised her eyebrows slightly, looking at the mysterious existence that wore the form of a young man and asked, "You know me?"
The refreshingly handsome young man chuckled, but did not answer her question. "I know Cang Yuan."
"You know master Cang Yuan?" Zhou Yuan was taken aback, some astonishment in his gaze at he looked towards the young man. "Elder, you are?"
The young man before them seemed to be about the same age as them, but his seemingly bottomless ancient eyes told them that he was definitely an ancient monster like existence.
The handsome young man fell in thought for a bit, before he smiled and said, "I am the Saint who died… you may call me patriarch Cang Xuan."
Zhou Yuan secretly remarked in his heart, “As expected, this young man is that legendary Saint.”
“Of course, the current me is merely made from a little Spirit energy. My original body has already died.” Patriarch Cang Xuan spoke with a faint smile, his expression honest and forthcoming.
“But why is Cang Yuan not by your side?” Asked patriarch Cang Xuan as he looked towards Yaoyao.
Yaoyao's pretty face dimmed slightly. "Grandpa Hei was attacked by mysterious enemies, so he left."
Patriarch Cang Xuan’s eyes widened a little.
“Elder, do you know where I can find grandpa Hei?” Yaoyao’s bright eyes looked towards patriarch Cang Xuan. She had grown up under Cang Yuan’s care, and treated him as a grandpa. She was naturally worried about Cang Yuan, but did not know how to find him.
Patriarch Cang Xuan shook his head. “You need not worry for him. The old guy’s pretty capable, and will naturally seek you out when he feels that it’s safe.”
A trace of disappointmented flitted across Yaoyao’s eyes, before she began to ask another question, “Does elder know of my roots?”
She had lived with Cang Yuan in the isolated domain since young, and had never come into contact with the outside world nor knew where she came from.
At the very least, she should have parents, right? Cang Yuan had never mentioned such matters to her, although Yaoyao did not mind too much.
In addition, there were the mysterious enemies that even grandpa Hei was fearful of. Where had they come from? She could feel that those people were likely after her.
Patriarch Cang Xuan was silent for a while, before he spoke, “It is not appropriate for me to speak of these matters, but you will discover the answers for yourself if you find a chance in the future.”
His words were clearly avoiding Yaoyao’s question.
Hence, Yaoyao did not ask any further on the topic.
“Hehe, am I right to say that the two of you have come here searching for my blessing?” Patriarch Cang Xuan smile widely as he hurriedly shifted the topic.
Yaoyao did not respond, leaving Zhou Yuan no option but to step in. “We were directed here by the Saint Tablet…”
Patriarch Cang Xuan smiled and said, “Do you want to hear my story?”
Before either of them could reply however, he had already seated himself by the white jade tablet and summoned two stools from the mist with a wave of his hand, before he warmly said, “Come, have a seat.”
Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao exchange a look, before they sat down.
Patriarch Cang Xuan beamed as he shot a look at Zhou Yuan. “Cang Yuan has good eyes, he’s gotten himself another pretty decent disciple. Over the years, this is the first time I have seen such a weak person arrive here.”
Zhou Yuan's face turned black. Was this praise or an insult.
With a faint smile, patriarch Cang Xuan beckoned with his hand, causing the mist to gather. It filled their surroundings, the surging mists transforming into a screen of sorts.
In the screen, a figure stood in the air. From his appearance, it was patriarch Cang Xuan.
Vast and seemingly endless Genesis Qi surged above patriarch Cang Xuan’s head, covering the heavens. It was impossible for anyone to imagine how powerful such Genesis Qi was.
However, patriarch Cang Xuan’s expression was extremely grave, while seemingly carrying something in his arms. At closer inspection, one would find that it looked a little like a baby.
The world in the screen was suddenly torn open at this moment. Endless lightning poured out as if to destroy the entire world.
From within the endless raging lightning, three rays of light descended, landing at three different directions around patriarch Cang Xuan. Inside, one would faintly see three figures standing in the air.
Their bodies gave off a holy, sacred light, and authority that no one was allowed to even question. It felt as if they were existences that were high and mighty to an indescribable degree, like the gods themselves.
The mere sight of those barely visible figures made Zhou Yuan feel pressure swallow his body, causing his Spirit to shiver.
An earthshaking battle erupted in the screen. The three godlike figures surrounded and attacked patriarch Cang Xuan, while he responded in kind. However, patriarch Cang Xuan was not a match for them in the end.
At the final, critical juncture, patriarch Cang Xuan ripped open space itself and pushed the baby in as his body was struck by the three godlike figures...
Patriarch Cang Xuan’s body burst apart, transforming into a million rays of light that slowly scattered as they fell.
The scene playing on the screen ended at this point.
The surroundings of the white jade table was silent. Shock colored Zhou Yuan’s face. Although there were no sounds from the screen, he could still feel an indescribable pressure. A battle of such proportions was truly akin to armageddon...
But who were those godlike figures? Why had they attacked patriarch Cang Xuan?
“Do you know who was the baby I was protecting is?” There was a smile on patriarch Cang Xuan’s youthful face as he looked towards the two.
Before either of them could reply, his gaze paused on Yaoyao’s beautiful face as he said, “You are that baby.”
Zhou Yuan was stupefied, even his ears buzzing somewhat.
The one patriarch Cang Xuan protected till his death was Yaoyao?
Yaoyao’s hands suddenly clenched tightly, a blank look in her eyes. It was clear that she did not have any memories about this incident.
“Elder must be joking right? If that baby was big sis Yaoyao, the time doesn’t match up.” Said Zhou Yuan with some difficulty.
Patriarch Cang Xuan had died over a thousand years ago, while master Cang Yuan said that Yaoyao had been living with him for about a dozen years in their isolated domain.
Patriarch Cang Xuan chuckled. “She is not ordinary, so you shouldn’t judge her by the logic of ordinary people. Of course, frankly speaking, her age is indeed not far from your own.”
Zhou Yuan could not find any words to say. Yaoyao’s identity was indeed shrouded in mystery, while also involving unimaginably huge matters. Else they would not have come into contact with people like master Cang Yuan and patriarch Cang Xuan. These were true ancient monster like existences.
Behind all this was likely some sort of conspiracy that extended to the very ends of the sky.
Yaoyao was silent for a long time, before she softly said, “If so… you can be said to be my saviour?”
Patriarch Cang Xuan smiled in a carefree manner.
Yaoyao fell into thought for a while, before suddenly taking out a cup. She then fished out a jade gourd, filled the cup and offered it to patriarch Cang Xuan. “This cup is thanks towards old mister.”
Although she did not know why, at the end of the day, the person before her had died while saving her. In addition, Yaoyao could sense that he was not lying.
Patriarch Cang Xuan was stunned for a moment as he stared at the cup before him. Soon after, he chuckled and said, “I find myself liking this cup of alcohol.”
He held it with both hands and downed it in one swift motion, seemingly wanting to bask in this moment a little more.
Yaoyao gazed at patriarch Cang Xuan and asked, “Who are the three figures that attacked old mister? They should be after me, right? And grandpa Hei’s departure is likely also related to them.”
"They are the…"
Patriarch Cang Xuan’s brows seemed to lock together. He was silent for a very long time, before he slowly spat out two words that seemed to contain an inexplicable presence.
"Sacred race…"

