Chapter 86 Erode
Clang!
A golden spear tore through the air as it powerfully thrust forward where it was met and blocked by a brush. A clear ‘clang’ sound resonated from the point of contact as a shockwave swept outwards.
Zhou Yuan’s and Qi Hao’s figures were blown backwards.
Both individuals wore frosty expressions as Genesis Qi churned around their bodies. Traces of blood was visible on their skin, evidence that blood had been drawn in the intense clash earlier.
From this, one could see just how desperate the battle was.
Qi Hao looked at the wounds on his body and coldly chuckled. He slammed the bottom of his spear on the ground as he said in a low voice, “Unbreakable Metal!”
As his shout faded, gold light suddenly flooded out from under his skin and gradually dyed Qi Hao’s skin gold, making it look as if it was made from gold.
At the same time, his wounds completely faded away.
Mid grade Black Genesis Technique, Unbreakable Metal!
Zhou Yuan’s eyes widened when he saw this. Unbreakable Metal was a Genesis Technique that was paired with Primal Metal Qi and boasted extremely strong defensive powers.
Qi Hao’s trump cards were being revealed one by one as they fought.
Rumble!
Qi Hao’s body glowed with golden light as he charged forward once again, his spear akin to a cold glittering star as it rapidly thrust at Zhou Yuan’s vitals.
Zhou Yuan feet performed Dragon Step, avoiding the thrusts while the brush in his hand darted towards Qi Hao’s shoulder, leaving behind a streak of green light in its wake.
Clang!
However, a clear ‘clang’ rang out as the brush tip scraped across Qi Hao’s shoulder, leaving behind a tiny red mark. The brush tip had only managed to penetrate half a fingernail before being stopped by gold light.
Thud!
Qi Hao laughed sinisterly as the golden long spear in his hand swept forth, slamming into Zhou Yuan’s chest. The powerful force sent Zhou Yuan flying backwards into a boulder, causing cracks to grow on it.
“What a difficult opponent.”
Pain pulsed from Zhou Yuan’s back as he frowned deeply. With Unbreakable Metal, Qi Hao’s defence had reached an astonishing level and even the Auraflare technique was unable to breakthrough.
“You really surprise me. To think that a mere initial Qi Nourishing stage practitioner can last so long against me without exhausting your Genesis Qi.” Qi Hao’s tone was rather chilling as killing intent overflowed from his eyes.
Zhou Yuan rubbed his chest. If not for his strong body, his chest would have been caved in by the earlier spear sweep.
Zhou Yuan said, “You are a little harder to deal with than expected.”
“You should stop being so sharp-tongued when your death is so near.” Qi Hao let out an icy chuckle. Golden Genesis Qi surged on his body as he lifted the long spear in his hand, pointed it at Zhou Yuan and said in a voice dripping with killing intent, “You will no longer be capable of speaking next time.”
Swish!
Qi Hao’s figure shot forward the moment he finished speaking, the long spear in his hand dragging across the ground, leaving a deep scar and a trial of sparks.
“Mid grade Genesis Technique, Heavenly Gold Genesis Splitter Spear!”
The killing intent in Qi Hao’s eyes soared as his spear stabbed forward. The golden light on the spear flared as an extremely sharp aura condensed at its tip, an aura so sharp that the air at the spear tip could clearly been seen splitting apart.
Numerous deep scars were also etched into the ground below.
It was a breathtaking spear attack and was clearly Qi Hao’s strongest move.
Outside the valley. The expressions of the onlookers changed at this moment, evidently having felt the power of Qi Hao’s spear attack. It was likely that no one amongst the Qi Nourishing stage would be able to directly receive this attack.
It seemed that Qi Hao had been angered and intended to end this match with this deadly blow.
“Prince Zhou Yuan is dead meat.” Said one of the onlookers. Qi Hao’s defence was too overwhelming, allowing him to be unafraid of Zhou Yuan’s attacks. In addition, Qi Hao’s attacks were both ruthless and fierce. How would Zhou Yuan be able to withstand them?
Numerous others nodded in complete agreement.
In the valley. Zhou Yuan’s expression grew increasingly grave. He breathed in deeply as the Genesis Qi in his body began to churn.
In the next instant, the brush tip of the Heavenly Yuan Brush began to dance as Genesis Qi pulsed from it.
Vigorous Genesis Qi poured out of Zhou Yuan’s body, gathering at the tip of the brush.
“Die!” Yelled Qi Hao as a golden spear rapidly expanded in Zhou Yuan’s eyes.
The cumulation of Genesis Qi at the brush tip finally reached its peak. With a jerk of his arm, Zhou Yaun roared in his heart, “Emperor Extreme Seal!”
Buzz!
The brush tip trembled as the gathered Genesis Qi transformed into a dazzling ray of light, light that gave off an extremely tyrannical aura.
This was the Emperor Extreme Seal that Zhou Yuan had learnt. It was also a mid grade Black Genesis Technique and boasted impressive power.
Two attacks containing the full power of two individuals finally collided under the watching eyes of the many onlookers.
Boom!
The moment of collision was akin to a storm devastating the area. The ground below both individuals’ feet was scraped away layer by layer, while the surrounding boulders were disintegrated to dust.
“What a crazy clash. I would never have imagined that a fight between an initial Qi Nourishing stage and advance Qi Nourishing stage would reach such levels.” Numerous onlookers lamented.
Bang!
A shockwave filled with berserk energies exploded at the bottom of the valley, tearing open deep gorges in the ground. Zhou Yuan and Qi Hao practically received the full brunt of the impact and were sent flying as if struck by a powerful blow, before crashing into the sides of the valley.
Blood appeared at the corner of Zhou Yuan’s mouth. He was currently in a rather miserable state with wounds all over his body, but his eyes remained cold as he looked towards his front.
There, Qi Hao’s figure was also embedded into the side of the valley, but he very quickly freed himself. In comparison to Zhou Yuan, the golden glow on Qi Hao’s body had only dimmed substantially. It was clear that the defensive power of Unbreaker Metal had made it such that he was in a far better state than Zhou Yuan.
Qi Hao suppressed the churning Qi and blood in his body before shooting a sinister gaze at Zhou Yuan.
“You’re truly tenacious… to think that even this has not killed you.”
Qi Hao let out an evil laugh before continuing, “But it seems that your injuries are pretty serious, no?”
“Looks like you’ve lost. With Unbreakable Metal, my defensive capabilities far surpass your own. Hence, the one who remains standing at the end will always be me!”
Qi Hao gripped his long spear as he walked towards Zhou Yuan, the killing intent in his eyes growing greater with every step.
Many inwardly shook their heads as they watched. Looks like it was over. Although Zhou Yuan’s performance was perfect, it was obviously not enough against the far stronger Qi Hao.
With his strong defensive ability, Qi Hao was the one who had remained standing in the end.
“What a pity…”
Qi Hao slowly approached Zhou Yuan. The former could feel that the Genesis Qi in the latter’s body had become much weaker. This was the best chance to kill Zhou Yuan.
There was unexpectedly neither panic or fear on Zhou Yuan’s face as he watched Qi Hao slowly walk towards him.
Qi Hao’s icy voice sounded, “I did not expect you to have such an expression before your death. How loathsome.”
“I just feel that you are very pitiful…” There was a faint smile on Zhou Yuan’s lips.
Qi Hao’s pupils suddenly shrank.
“Because you still do not know who has won or lost…” Zhou Yuan’s smile seemed to become somewhat strange.
Qi Hao chillingly said, “Still trying to bluff, die!”
Without any hesitation, the long spear in his hand gleamed with cold light as it mercilessly thrust towards Zhou Yuan’s heart.
However, Zhou Yuan showed no signs of stopping the fatal attack, his face impassive.
Ch!
The sharp spear tip suddenly stopped an inch away from Zhou Yuan’s heart.
Qi Hao’s pupils frantically shrank as terror and shock emerged on his face. He had suddenly lost control of his body.
“You, what did you do?!” Qi Hao was horrified.
Zhou Yuan looked at the wounds on his body as he indifferently said, “Do you really think that I am so stupid. I clearly knew that your defensive abilities had been boosted by Unbreakable Metal, yet why did I still choose to exchange blow after blow with you?”
Zhou Yuan gripped the Heavenly Yuan Brush beside him and slowly lifted it, pointing its sharp tip at Qi Hao.
Light suddenly appeared below the Martial and Culture Rune on the mottled body of the brush as an ancient rune slowly became clear…
The second rune of the Heavenly Yuan Brush, Erode.

