Chapter 83 Contest
Everyone was stupefied as they stared at the mysterious beast that had stepped out from the smoke. Even Zhou Yuan himself was dumbstruck.
Su Youwei covered her little mouth as she asked in disbelief, “Is… is that Tuntun?”
Zhou Yuan hesitated for a moment before nodding. “It should be.”
Although it was a little unbelievable for him to relate this mysterious and ferocious creature to the usually lazy Tuntun that did nothing but eat, his rationality told him that the intimidating beast before their eyes was indeed Tuntun…
Wei Qingqing mumbled in shock, “It possess also Alpha-Origin strength…”
“Tuntun is still a child.” Yaoyao smiled faintly.
These words caused everyone to be stupefied once again. The corners of Wei Qingqing’s little red mouth twitched as her heartbeat quickened. Already possessing the strength of the Alpha-Origin stage as a child?
What kind of terrifying Genesis Beast was this?!
Just how frightening would Tuntun become once it reached maturity?
Zhou Yuan involuntarily wet his lips. Although he had known all along that Tuntun was not of ordinary origin, never in his wildest dreams would he have imagined that it would reach the Alpha-Origin stage as a child. Such a thought was just too terrifying.
While Zhou Yuan’s group was stunned by Tuntun’s battle form, opposite them, the expressions of Qi Hao’s group turned extremely ugly.
“Where did Zhou Yuan find an Alpha-Origin Genesis Beast?” Qi Hao’s voice was filled with shock. One must know that although he could control the grade 4 python-type battle puppet, it was only for a short period of time, and he could not bring the battle puppet away.
In contrast, the giant beast that had appeared on Zhou Yuan’s side could listen to one’s commands.
“Could this be a hidden trump card of the royal clan?” Qi Hao’s eyes flickered in thought.
“Hss!”
While these thoughts churned in Qi Hao’s mind, the giant battle puppet python freed itself from the rubble and hissed at Tuntun as the ancient runes on its night-black body began to glow.
With a fling of its tail, a good chunk of the valley collapsed. Boulders tumbled down and were catapulted towards Tuntun with a follow-up swipe of the python’s tail.
As the boulders arrived, Tuntun’s sharp claws swiped across the air.
Chla!
Cold light seemed to flash past as five scars were torn open in the air. The boulders disintegrated in the air before they could come anywhere near Tuntun.
Tuntun stood on one side of the valley, its scarlet-red eyes seemingly filled with disdain as it stared at the python-type battle puppet.
Roar!
Tuntun roared deeply, like a king whose might was being challenged. One of its paws slammed into the ground and everyone watched as the surrounding ground swiftly began to crack and crumble.
Swish!
Tuntun’s figure shot forth like a flash of scarlet-red light, fast as thunder, intimidating and ferocious.
The giant battle puppet python hissed and opened its huge mouth. One could only watch as a thick pillar of red Genesis Qi shot out. The Genesis Qi was fiery and berserk in nature, leaving behind black scorch marks on the ground below.
The power of this Genesis Qi was enough to insta-kill any Heaven Gate stage expert.
Swoosh!
However, Tuntun did not slow down at all. Instead, it opened its large mouth, revealing a mysterious flickering black light within as it chomped down on the pillar of red Genesis Qi.
After devouring the red Genesis Qi in a single gulp, Tuntun’s figure appeared directly in front of the python-type battle puppet. Faint black light glimmered between the former’s claws as it violently slashed downwards.
Scree!
Claw-light swept over the python-type battle puppet’s enormous body as a screeching noise sounded. Next, everyone watched in astonishment as the giant battle puppet python’s tail was split into two…
There were even five seemingly bottomless claw marks on the ground.
The sharpness of Tuntun’s claws was practically comparable to a high tier Black Genesis Weapon
The giant battle puppet python hissed crazily as its forked-tongue darted about madly, wildly spewing out red Genesis Qi.
Tuntun fearlessly pounced forward in the face of the now out-of-control giant battle puppet python. Two titans tangled together, causing landslide after landslide in the valley.
Qi Hao’s expression grew exceptionally stormy when he saw this. He could naturally see that the giant battle puppet python was being suppressed by the mysterious beast, and was likely not be able to endure much longer.
“God damnit!”
Qi Hao could not help but curse out loud. He had originally believed that the giant battle puppet python would be enough for him to control the situation, making sure that Zhou Yuan and his group would never leave this place. Who could have expected that Zhou Yuan would also have something similar up his sleeves.
Qi Hao said in a low voice, “This cannot be allowed to continue, we have to seize the Fire Spirit Grain!”
Now that the situation had spun out of his control, he had to quickly take the Fire Spirit Grain. It would be their victory once they obtained it.
“Go!”
Qi Hao delayed no further and led the charge into the valley. A large group closely followed, protecting him at the center.
“Qi Hao has made his move, we’ll move out too!” Zhou Yuan had his eyes fixed on Qi Hao since the start. Hence, the former immediately detected the latter’s movement.
Su Youwei, Wei Qingqing, Lu Tieshan and the rest nodded in acknowledgement.
Both sides had shown all their cards. All that was left was a head-on clash.
Zhou Yuan looked towards Yaoyao and said, “Big sis Yaoyao, keep an eye on the outside of the valley and don’t let anyone take advantage.”
Quite a number of factions had already gathered outside the valley, but none dared to make any moves due to the intense battle between Wei Canglan and the Black Venom King in the sky and the two giant creatures on one the side of the valley. However, they were clearly waiting for a chance, and there was no choice but to guard against them.
Yaoyao gave a slight nod.
Upon seeing this, Zhou Yuan led the group forward with a wave of his hand.
Somewhere deeper into the valley, Qi Hao and his group had raised their speeds to the limit. With a sideway glance, he saw the closely following Zhou Yuan’s group, causing the former’s eyes to grow increasingly dark.
“Stop them!”
Several Heaven Gate experts led by Qi Ling immediately shot out.
“Captain Lu!” Zhou Yuan instantly responded.
“Understood your highness!” Lu Tieshan nodded and led several Heaven Gate experts to stop the them.
The two forces clashed, Genesis Qi devastating the surrounding area, turning the valley become even more chaotic.
Two parties swiftly advanced while trying to delay the other.
As the core member of their groups, Zhou Yuan and Qi Hao rushed towards the bottom of the valley without pause, while the number of guards around them continuously dropped as they were dispatched to slow the other group.
Soon after, only Su Youwei and Wei Qingqing were left at Zhou Yuan’s side, while Qi Hao had four Qi Nourishing stage guards.
Qi Hao darkly glanced at Zhou Yuan and gave a small nod.
The four Qi Nourishing stage experts immediately moved, creating an encirclement around Zhou Yuan’s three man group.
“Your highness, I will only be able to deal with two of them.” Genesis Qi began to surge out from Wei Qingqing’s body as her cold gaze locked onto two figures, an advance and initial Qi Nourishing stage expert.
“Your highness, go get the Fire Spirit Grain. I will stop the other two.” Su Youwei looked towards the remaining two. Both had the strength of the mid Qi Nourishing stage.
“Will you be okay?” Zhou Yuan hesitated for a moment. Su Youwei was only at the initial Qi Nourishing stage, while her opponents were mid Qi Nourishing stage experts.
Su Youwei merely smiled upon hearing this and did not reply. Flame-Thunder and Niflheim Qi slowly rose from her fair hands, the glows from the two different attribute Genesis Qi giving a certain charm to her pretty face.
Wei Qingqing spoke up at this moment, “Your highness, you only need to delay Qi Hao. We will come to your aid after dealing with our opponents.”
From what she could tell, Zhou Yuan was only at the initial Qi Nourishing stage, while Qi Hao was had already reached the advance Qi Nourishing stage. Their fighting strength was clearly not equal.
Zhou Yuan smiled, not say anything in response as he decisively shot forward.
Qi Hao and Zhou Yuan were now alone, one in front, the other behind, as they charged towards the bottom of the valley.
Atop the slopes of the valley, the various factions secretly shook their heads upon seeing this. Prince Zhou Yuan was really overestimating himself by chasing Qi Hao alone.
An abandoned herb cultivation area lay at the bottom of the valley, where the scarlet-red flame-like Fire Spirit Grain gently swayed as it gave off a sweet fragrance.
Qi Hao’s figure stopped some distance away from the Fire Spirit Grain and slowly turned around, his frosty gaze locking onto Zhou Yuan as a sinister smile emerged on his face.
“Pretty brave of you to follow me without anyone’s protection.”
“Looks like no one will be able to save you today.”

