Chapter 88 Fire Spirit Grain Obtained
At the bottom of the valley, Zhou Yuan’s eyes were filled with excitement as he stared at the gently swaying Fire Spirit Grain. Moments later, he pushed down the intense emotions in his heart and quickly walked forward.
He retrieved a man-sized jade pot from his Universe bag which had several Genesis Qi preservation runes inscribed upon it.
Next, he retrieved a shovel and very carefully began to transfer the dirt around the Fire Spirit Grain into the jade pot. He did not dare to make any big motions, afraid that he might damage its roots.
Under Zhou Yuan’s meticulous work, the soil around the Fire Spirit Grain was cleaned out. He then very carefully lifted the plant and placed it into the jade pot, before filling the rest of the pot with the dirt from before.
Zhou Yuan was already perspiring profusely by the time he was done. It felt even more exhausting than the intense battle against Qi Hao.
Zhou Yuan gazed at the Fire Spirit Grain in the pot, the plump Fire Spirit kernels on it glowing faintly. Although there was only one stalk, it could be replanted to obtain more seeds.
However, it was said that a special method was required to grow new seeds for a Genesis Food of this rank which needed to be planted within a certain radius of the original Fire Spirit Grain. Any new seeds that left this radius would wither and die, making it unable to be harvested.
“Is this the Fire Spirit Grain?” Wei Qingqing and Su Youwei crowded over, their curious eyes locking onto the fiery-red plant swaying in the jade pot.
Zhou Yuan grinned and nodded. “The general’s faction has done a great service this time. When the Fire Spirit Grain matures in future, there will definitely be a share for you guys.”
Wei Qingqing smiled. “Then I shall give my thanks your highness first. I’ve actually never eaten a grade 4 Genesis Food before and I imagine that its effect will be rather special.”
When Zhou Yuan saw that Su Youwei was still fixed on the Fire Spirit Grain, he chuckled and said, “Don’t worry, you will also have a share.”
Su Youwei blushed slightly and hastily tried to explain, “I, I was just wondering how it will taste, I don’t really need a share.”
While they were conversing, the numerous factions outside the valley could not help but grow somewhat restless upon seeing Zhou Yuan collect the Fire Spirit Grain. After all, everyone knew its value. Even if not used by oneself, it could be sold for an unimaginable price. In fact, any faction that had ambition would be willing to sell off everything they had in order to purchase it.
Hence, some of the stronger practitioners began to stir as Genesis Qi rose around their bodies.
This was the time when Zhou Yuan’s party was at its weakest. If one was able to enter, one would definitely be able to seize the treasure and run off.
However, while these thoughts churned in these individuals’ minds, Yaoyao’s indifferent gaze swept over from the top of the valley. With a grasp of her fair hand, a scroll appeared within it.
The scroll slowly unfurled, revealing a complicated Genesis Rune. The surrounding Genesis Qi frantically began to gather towards the scroll as if drawn in by something.
Yaoyao’s fair hand trembled as the scroll was sent flying and a dazzling radiance soon exploded.
Rumble!
The Genesis Qi collected by the rune transformed into a black cloud. Lightning flashed within the billowing black cloud as a suffocating pressure spread.
Outside the valley, the expressions of the now restless experts immediately changed when they saw this as they cried out in horror, “Grade 4 Genesis Rune?!”
It was definitely a grade 4 Genesis Rune or it would not give off such an alarming pressure.
Gaze after gaze was filled with terror as they turned towards the breathtakingly beautiful young girl in green atop the valley. No one would have ever imagined that the girl from which they could not feel even the slightest Genesis Qi undulations would have such terrifying mastery over Genesis Runes.
The black cloud hung over the valley, thunder rumbling. It intimidated all of the experts from the various factions, causing them to not dare to try anything funny. They knew that the black cloud would blast them with lightning if they took even a single step forward.
In the face of such attacks, even Heaven Gate experts would be easily struck down one by one regardless of how many were sent.
At the bottom of the valley, Zhou Yuan also detected the disturbance outside the valley and coldly snorted. He swiftly kept the jade pot in his Universe bag and said, “Let’s go have a look at the situation.”
His figure took the lead, dashing forward and eventually arriving at one side of the valley.
Zhou Yuan’s gaze first turned towards Tuntun’s battlefield where the activity was the greatest.
However, he was immediately startled by what he saw. Amongst the rubble, there was only ten feet left of the battle puppet python’s originally titanic body. A good half of its body had already been torn away.
The only saving grace was that it was a battle puppet that was unable to feel any pain, or it would have long died to the pain.
On the other hand, the current Tuntun resembled a cat toying with a mouse, slapping the giant battle python puppet around as if it was a ball. The battle puppet python was sent flying towards the sides of the valley time and time again, a sight that made one involuntarily shiver in fear.
“Tuntun is really frightening!” Su Youwei could not help but utter when she was this scene. To think that the normally lazy and extremely adorable little creature would become so savage in its battle form.
The corners of Zhou Yuan’s mouth twitched. He was feeling a little insecure as he recalled the times when he had reduced the portions of Tuntun’s meals. Would he not be filled with grievance if by some chance the little beast was angered, grew big and swatted him to death with a single swipe?
“Looks like I can’t cut its food portions in future.” Zhou Yuan sighed.
By this time, Tuntun seemed to have grown bored of playing. Black light swirled around its claws as it suddenly slashed downwards, tearing open the giant battle puppet python’s head with a piercing noise.
The giant battle puppet python finally fell to the ground. Tuntun’s large claw pushed open its head, revealing a human head sized sparkling crystal. The silhouette of a giant python could be seen inside this crystal.
It was its beast spirit.
Tuntun stared at the beast spirit crystal, clearly desiring to devour it.
When Zhou Yuan saw this, he was immediately spooked out of his mind and loudly yelled, “May your mouth have mercy!”
His figure quickly shot forward and landed at Tuntun’s side.
Tuntun jumped a little in fright and surprise due to Zhou Yuan’s sudden yell. The latter took the opportunity to swiftly dash to the beast spirit crystal and keep it into his Universe bag.
Obtaining the grade 4 python-type beast spirit had been one of his objectives for entering Blackwater. Now that it had been obtained after much difficulty, he would be truly dumbfounded if he were to allow Tuntun to swallow it.
Just imagine how much time would be wasted if he had to find a second grade 4 python-type beast spirit.
Tuntun lowered its head and was immediately enraged when it saw that the beast spirit crystal had been taken by Zhou Yuan. It roared at Zhou Yuan. To think that this fellow dared to snatch away its food.
“One hundred plates of meat!”
Zhou Yuan immediately shouted In response to Tuntun’s angry roar.
Tuntun’s roaring stopped as its eyes seemed to flicker with thought. It began to calculate how much meat a hundred plates was worth and eventually nodded its head, indicating that it had agreed to this transaction.
Zhou Yuan breathed a sigh of relief and patted Tuntun’s paw in satisfaction. Now that the grade 4 python-type Genesis Beast spirit had been obtained, he could finally begin to cultivate the first level of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture, the Omni Python Qi.
Once he succeeded, his battle power would undoubtedly soar, making it difficult to find a worthy opponent amongst those of the Qi Nourishing stage.
After the battle between Tuntun and the giant battle puppet python ended, the situation was now completely in Zhou Yuan’s favor. It was also at this time that Qi Ling discovered the cruel reality that Qi Hao had been killed by Zhou Yuan.
Qi Ling’s eyes turned completely red, but he still decisively waved his hand and shouted, “Retreat!”
The moment his voice rang out, acrid smoke exploded from under the entire group’s legs and their figures swiftly vanished.
Zhou Yuan was indifferent towards their escape. His gaze was fixed onto a certain individual in the distant sky who was still stuck in a battle with a relentless Wei Canglan.
The Black Venom King was a malignant tumor to the Great Zhou Empire, often infringing upon their borders to plunder and kill. Who knew just how many of the Great Zhou Empire’s citizens had died at his hands.
This was the best chance to eliminate him and bring peace to the Great Zhou Empire’s borders.
Iciness flashed in Zhou Yuan’s eyes before he patted Tuntun’s paw, pointed towards the Black Venom King and slowly said, “Tuntun, he’s worth two hundred plates of meat!”
Dazzling light instantly blossomed in Tuntun’s eyes when it heard this. It immediately locked onto the rapidly shifting figure of the Black Venom King in the air as if it was looking at plates of meat dancing in the sky.
Roar!
Tuntun let out a roar towards the sky as its paw pushed off the ground, transforming into a flash of fiery light as it soared into the air.
...

