Chapter 251 Grade 5
“Why?”
Zhou Yuan was likewise taken aback by Cao Jin’s words. The former soon frowned as he asked, “Is it a problem with the price? Or are you worried that I will not be able to refine them? Manager Cao need not worry about such matters, I understand my limits.”
Cao Jin waved his hand, and awkwardly said, “It’s not that… these three bottles have already been booked by someone else.”
“I only took them out earlier just in case. I did not expect that they would actually end up catching your eye.”
He truly had not expected Zhou Yuan’s standards to be so high that even high tier grade 4 was unable to catch his fancy. As it happens, Zhou Yuan just had to end up taking a fancy to these grade 5 Genesis Beast essence blood. One must know that they were equivalent to the Divine Dwelling stage.”
How could an ordinary first layer Alpha-Origin practitioner have the balls to even try essence blood at this level.
Zhou Yuan’s frown deepened. He had not expected these bottles of essence blood to be booked by someone else.
“Are there any others of the same level?” Asked Zhou Yuan.
Cao Jin shook his head. “These are the only ones we have in the outer mountain branch. We’re not the inner mountain after all, they will likely have ample stock.”
Zhou Yuan was somewhat speechless. He was really a little unwilling to give up the three grade 5 dragon type Genesis Beast essence blood. Hence, he could not help but ask, “May I inquire as to which fellow disciple has booked them? I can buy them from him or her at double the price.”
The Nine Dragons Canon had high requirements towards the quality of the Genesis Beast essence blood used. Zhou Yuan naturally wanted the process would be as perfect as possible, while also minimising the risk of any flaws.
Cao Jin hesitated upon hearing this. Just as he was about to speak, faint laughter was suddenly heard from outside the door, laughter that contained a hint of playfulness. “Hehe, it seems that tutoring Genesis techniques really does pay well. I would never have imagined that I, Lu Feng, would one day be offered such a good deal.”
The doors were pushed open as Lu Feng walked in wearing a faint smile, a mocking look in his eyes as he stared at Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan’s expression involuntarily darkened. He had not expected the one who had booked the three bottles of Genesis Beast essence blood to be Lu Feng.
“Are you also practicing the Nine Dragons Canon?” Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly.
“Nine Dragons Canon?” Lu Feng laughed. “Although it's not bad, I naturally have better options. I was merely bought the essence blood for fun.”
Iciness flitted across Zhou Yuan’s eyes. It was obvious that Lu Feng knew he was practicing the Nine Dragons Canon and had intentionally taken actions to obstruct him in secret, pre booking the highest quality essence blood in the Glittering Jewels Pavilion.
Through this, Lu Feng would be able to lower Zhou Yuan’s performance in the peak selection ceremony a month later.
“Lu Feng!”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes turned ice-cold as vigorous Genesis Qi abruptly exploded from his body. Golden Genesis Qi swirled around him, faintly forming the silhouette of a giant golden python that hissed at Lu Feng.
“Oh? You want to go at it? Who gave you the courage?” Lu Feng playfully laughed staring mockingly at Zhou Yuan without a single hint of fear as powerful Genesis Qi swept out from his body.
“Both of you stop!”
Cao Jin hurriedly shouted when he saw that the two were about to fight, standing in between them to stop them. “If you fight in the Glittering Jewels Pavilion, there will be consequences!”
With a wave of his hand, a swarm of figures surged out within the Glittering Jewels Pavilion, Genesis Qi after Genesis Qi rising as they targeted the two individuals.
Iciness flashed as Zhou Yuan and Lu Feng’s gazes clashed. In the end, both of them withdrew their Genesis Qi with a cold snort.
They knew that it would be almost impossible to escape punishment if they were to fight here, which would only end up wasting their precious training time.
Lu Feng laughed icily. Soon after, he waved his sleeve, sweeping away the three grade 5 Genesis Beast essence blood on the plate as he uncaringly said, “Don’t worry, even if all of the essence blood rots away in my hands, I will never sell them to you.”
The iciness in Zhou Yuan’s eyes gradually receded, however, it still raged like a tsunami in the depths of his eyes. He ignored Lu Feng, turning his head instead to look towards Cao Jin. “Manager Cao, I’ll purchase the high tier grade 4 Genesis Beast essence blood.”
Since there was no grade 5, Zhou Yuan had no choice but to use the high tier grade 4 for the time being. Hopefully, it would only result in a slight decrease that would not be too noticeable.
Cao Jin apologetically looked at Zhou Yuan and nodded, before instructing someone to bring over the Genesis Beast essence blood.
Zhou Yuan received them and paid. Without saying anything else, he turned around and headed for the exit.
When he brushed past Lu Feng, the latter suddenly smiled faintly and said, “Do you think this is over Zhou Yuan? You will soon get to enjoy all the fun I’ve prepared for you.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed as he tilted his head to look at Lu Feng.
“You like to stir up trouble?”
“I’ve heard that you are determined to win first place in the peak selection ceremony?”
The corners of Zhou Yuan’s lips seemed to be slowly hooked up by something, forming an icy angle.
Lu Feng also turned his head and grinned. “What do you think you can do?”
Zhou Yuan stared at him, and slowly said, “I’ll have to regretfully inform you that you will no longer be able to take first place.”
“If you want to play, I’ll accompany you until both of us are satisfied!”
Zhou Yuan withdrew his gaze, turned around and walked off.
Lu Feng was stunned as he watched the former leave. Soon after, a mocking smile involuntarily spread from the corners of his lips. He shook his head as if having heard the most ridiculous and laughable thing.
“Truly such an…”
“Ignorant and overly proud fool.”
“Heh… I do want to see how you’ll snatch first place from me!”
...
After leaving the room, Zhou Yuan exhaled deeply, spitting out the unhappiness in his heart. Lu Feng’s actions had indeed disgusted the former this time.
“Without the grade 5 dragon type Genesis Best essence blood, I’ll just have to make do with high tier grade 4.” Muttered Zhou Yuan to himself.
He no longer wanted to think any further about this topic as he began searching for Yaoyao in the Glittering Jewels Pavilion. After accompanying her shopping for half a day, they leisurely left the place, walking back towards their little house.
As they walked through the mountains, Yaoyao’s clear eyes swept a glance at Zhou Yuan, her red lips parting slightly as she asked, “You’re clearly in a bad mood, did something anger you again?”
“Is it that clear?” Zhou Yuan awkwardly touched his face. Was he really so obvious?
Yaoyao’s eyes remained on his face.
Zhou Yuan shrugged, and could only begin to tell her what had happened earlier.
After hearing his story, Yaoyao’s pretty face seemed to ripple slightly. “Does the Nine Dragons Canon require dragon type Genesis Beast essence blood?”
Zhou Yuan nodded.
“But I can only buy high tier grade 4 dragon type Genesis Beast essence blood from the Glittering Jewels Pavilion which is less than ideal. The Nine Dragons Canon I end up with will be weaker too.” Said Zhou Yuan.
Yaoyao suddenly smiled as she cocked her head, her fine black hair seemingly pouring downwards, revealing on half of her gorgeously pretty face. “Then this is really not much of a problem…”
She looked towards Zhou Yuan as she lowered her voice. “I have a method to make your high tier grade 4 essence blood even better than grade 5.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes widened as he asked in bewilderment, “Really?”
Yaoyao forcefully nodded her snow-white chin, before she reached out her hands, covering Tuntun’s ears under Zhou Yuan’s puzzled gaze as she softly said, “Let me tell you a secret. If you mix Tuntun’s blood with the essence blood of those high tier grade 4 dragon type Genesis Beasts, you can raise their quality…”
Zhou Yuan’s feet instantly froze in place as he swallowed and looked straight at Yaoyao.
Yaoyao grinned slightly and said, “You cannot tell Tuntun that you heard this from me.”
Zhou Yuan took in a deep breath, before displaying his kindest and friendliest smile as he took the dazed Tuntun from Yaoyao’s arms.
He gently caressed it as he said in a tender voice, “Little cutey, want to go to the Hundred Fragrances House?”
“I’ll be treating, eat as much as you want!”
The light of desire instantly shined in Tuntun’s beady beast eyes.
At this current moment, Zhou Yuan seemed to have suddenly become extremely grand and amazing in its eyes.

