Chapter 210 Third Class Disciple
The atmosphere in the room became much heavier in the wake of Mu Wuji’s previous words. The other geniuses, including Xiao Tianxuan and the rest, had taunt expressions, uncertainty coloring their eyes.
They were indeed the cream of the crop amongst the Cangmang Continent's younger generation, but the ones they were up against now were also elites in their respective continents. In fact, their competitors would likely even include the Shengzhou Continent's finest…
Mu Wuji had explained earlier that if Cangxuan Heaven had ten blessings, six would go to the Shengzhou Continent. From this, one could imagine how much more powerful the geniuses from there would be.
They had left the Cangmang Continent for what they viewed in their hearts as the holy land of cultivation, their families and clans placing all their hopes upon them. If they failed to become formal disciples, it would be a huge blow to their confidence.
Mu Wuji swept a look at the group, but did not say anything to console them. The Cangxuan Sect's standards were exceedingly strict, and not just anyone could become a formal disciple. In between, there were naturally those who ended up laughing, and those who ended up in tears.
“When you guys reach the Cangxuan Sect, all of the new disciples will be divided into categories; first class disciples, second class disciples and third class disciples…”
"Is there a difference?" Asked Zhou Yuan.
"Of course there's a difference." Mu Wuji chuckled. “First class disciples will not only be given their own personal dwellings, but even have a Genesis Rune boundary inscribed in the area, making the Genesis Qi more abundant and concentrated, far surpassing the dwellings of the other disciples. Staying in such a place will naturally bring many benefits.”
“In addition, first class disciples will be granted a bag of grade 5 Genesis Food, Heaven Heart Body Tempering Corn, by the sect every week. Daily consumption will temper the body and speed up Genesis Qi cultivation. Of course, the other cultivation resources for first class disciples will also exceed the ordinary disciples.”
“Grade 5 Genesis Food?!”
Zhou Yuan could not help but cry out when he heard these four words as his breathing began to intensify.
One must know that the Fire Spirit Grain Zhou Yuan had spared no effort in obtaining was merely a grade 4 Genesis Food, while the Mysterious Crystal Rice he consumed daily was even lower at grade 2.
Even so, he had benefited substantially from these two Genesis Foods. Though his talent and hard work were the main factors that contributed to his rapid progress in a short two years, the external factors such as cultivation resources could not be neglected.
Hence why he was so taken aback when he heard that one could consume grade 5 Genesis Food as daily meals in the Cangxuan Sect.
He was truly unable to imagine how insanely beneficial long term consumption of the Heaven Heart Body Tempering Corn would be.
Mu Wuji was all smiles as he looked towards the group, his gaze ultimately pausing on Yaoyao’s beautiful face. “However, I’m afraid that the only one amongst you guys that can be rated as a first class disciple is Yaoyao.”
Although Yaoyao had no Genesis Qi, Mu Wuji could sense that the strength of her Spirit had likely reached the mid Corporeal stage.
“As for you…” Mu Wuji turned towards Zhou Yuan and joked, “Based on your cultivation level alone, I’m afraid that you won’t even make it to third class disciple…”
However, Mu Wuji knew how overwhelming Zhou Yuan’s battle power was. In a real fight, he may not lose to those second or third layer Alpha-Origin geniuses. After all, he had already defeated the first layer Alpha-Origin Wu Huang when he was at the mid Heaven Gate stage.
Zhou Yuan smiled helplessly.
Mu Wuji suddenly said, “Right, take out the token that old mister gave to you.”
Zhou Yuan was momentarily stunned, but quickly understood. He was talking about the old mister that had taken Su Youwei away.
Zhou Yuan fished out the token from his Universe bag and handed it to Mu Wuji as he curiously asked, “What use does it have?”
Mu Wuji received the token and chuckled. “With this token, even a cripple will be able to enjoy the first class disciple treatment.”
These words immediately caused Xiao Tianxuan and the rest to look towards the token with burning desire and envy.
Zhou Yuan was also somewhat astonished. He never imagined that they would give the old mister so much face.
“Does teacher uncle Mu know that old mister’s origins? Is he also from the Cangxuan Sect?” Zhou Yuan could not help but ask. Only after the old guy left did Zhou Yuan realise that after all that talk, the old man had not even told him where he was bringing Su Youwei!
An act that the old man had obviously done on purpose.
Mu Wuji shook his head. “That old mister is not from the Cangxuan Sect, but from Hunyuan Heaven.”
“Hunyuan Heaven?” Zhou Yuan stunned. By now, he naturally knew that Hunyuan Heaven was the strongest amongst the five Heavens.
“Doesn’t this mean that Youwei has gone to Hunyuan Heaven?” Zhou Yuan was a little sad. This truly was akin to being a world apart. He did not know when or where he would see her again.
Mu Wuji’s gaze shifted towards the rest as he said, “That’s why all of you should not have the mindset that you will be able to smoothly enter the Cangxuan Sect just because you were selected by me. If you slack off on your training and end up being eliminated, there will be no one to blame but yourselves.”
Mu Wuji’s warning made the hearts of the numerous geniuses shiver. They knew that they had been taking it too easy recently, and had even slacked off on their cultivation. No one dared to tarry, immediately acknowledging one after another.
...
A bright moon hung high in the sky.
A giant boat smoothly shot past. Several figures were silently seated around a circular tablet near the front of the boat. They were Zhou Yuan, Yaoyao, Luluo, Zuoqiu Qingyu, and even Zhen Xu, Lu Chunjun plus Ning Zhan.
Luluo had originally been the only one Zhou Yuan had called over, but Zuoqiu Qingyu wanted to have a gathering before they split up in the Shengzhou Continent. To their surprise, even Zhen Xu, Li Chunjun and the not so familiar Ning Zhan had joined in.
All of them clearly understood that no matter how famous they previously were in the Cangmang Continent, the halo they used to have would now fade upon reaching the Shengzhou Continent.
Their future paths would have to be forged by themselves. No one knew whether or not they will once again ascend the peak or return mediocrity.
The three girls talked and laughed at one side, while Zhou Yuan raised his cup and smiled at Li Chunjun. "I've been wanting to thank you for some time. If not for your help on the Saint stairs, Wu Huang would have likely taken first place."
On the final leg of the Saint stairs, Li Chunjun had aided Zhou Yuan, allowing him to catch up to Wu Huang and ascend the peak together.
Li Chunjun's black cloth wrapped eyes 'looked' towards Zhou Yuan as he too raised a cup and emptied it, before his raspy voice sounded, "It was because only you could do it. Wu Huang is very strong, and I cannot slay his physical body."
"If you want to thank me, let me use you to polish my sword if there comes a chance in future…"
Zhou Yuan grinned and said in a carefree manner, "I'll accompany you any time."
Ning Zhan's eyes glowed when he heard this, unable to stop himself from saying, "When that time comes, have a good battle with me too!"
"We can go at it now too." Zhou Yuan chuckled.
Ning Zhan froze a little, shaking his head as he said, "I doubt I'll be able to beat you now. You are even stronger than when you fought Wu Huang."
Although he was a battle junky, his senses were extremely sharp. Thus, he could tell that Zhou Yuan was a whole other level compared to when he had fought Wu Huang.
By the side, Zuoqiu Qingyu placed her hand on her chin, smiling as she looked at Zhou Yuan. "Zhou Yuan, I heard that there are more geniuses in the Shengzhou Continent than fish in the river, almost too many to count. You’d better not let yourself vanish into the crowd, making it such that I won’t even hear of your name.”
"So what if you do hear his name, are you going to tell others that he’s the groom you chose?” Luluo chuckled.
Zuoqiu Qingyu’s eyes swirled in thought, charmingly enchanting as she boldly declared, “If his name truly does spread in the Shengzhou Continent, I won’t lose out if I  tell others that he’s a potential groom I have my eye on.”
“That’s why, you’ve got to work hard Zhou Yuan.” Zuoqiu Qingyu grinned widely.
There was a faint smile on Zhou Yuan’s face. The truth was that he knew. He knew that everyone was feeling some pressure after realising the future challenges they will face.
Zuoqiu Qingyu might seem to be teasing him, but under it all, was she not also encouraging him?
Zhou Yuan raised his cup, his gaze sweeping across everyone. After a brief silence, he smiled. “Friends whom have stood beside me in battle. Although our Cangmang Continent is a tiny place, when we one day stand at the pinnacle of the Shengzhou Continent’s younger generation, they will know how amazing that tiny Cangmang Continent actually is.”
“Everyone, I hope to see all of you again at the peak.”
Under the rays of the moon, that young, kindly face wore a calm smile. It was as if an inextinguishable flame burned in his eyes, a sight that would slightly move anyone’s heart.
When Zuoqiu Qingyu’s glittering eyes gazed at Zhou Yuan in that moment, she was a little surprised that the usually mild young man would have such an eye raising pride.
Li Chunjun, Ning Zhan and Zhen Xu felt the blood in their bodies stir slightly, before they lifted their cups and smashed them together.
“Haha, alright then, let’s see how many of us will shake the Shengzhou Continent in a few years!”
The passionate voices of these youth were filled with the carefreeness of the young.
At the top floor on the giant boat, Mu Wuji, the beautiful woman in palace garbs and the other few envoys seemed to sweep their gazes below, before they exchanged a look and let out a soft chuckle.
“How nice to be young…”
Nearby, there was a sinister look in Zhao Pan’s eyes as a mocking and disdainful smile rose from the corners of his mouth.
“What a bunch of foolish country bumpkins. When you reach the Shengzhou Continent and see the true Chosens, you will know how laughable your promise looked today…”
“Don’t worry Zhou Yuan… after I return and report everything to palace master, the Chosens from my Sacred Palace will likely crush your pitiful confidence to pieces…”
“Hehe, I really look forward to that day.”

