Chapter 117 Magical Python Scales
Cangmang Continent.
Deep within the mountains in the southwest region.
Roar!
The deafening roar of a giant creature echoed in the mountain forests. The creature had the appearance of a lion which was covered in silver scales, while cackling lightning danced on the surface of its body.
It was a grade 2 Genesis Beast, the Rushing Thunder Beast.
A beast like this would usually be avoided by even advance Qi Nourishing stage practitioners.
However, a human figure was currently dashing towards the Rushing Thunder Beast at this very moment. Dark gold Genesis Qi exploded from the surface of the figure’s body as a ferocious without equal punch was thrown, its power so great that even the ground below the figure’s feet cracked open.
Roar!
The Rushing Thunder Beast roared as lightning gathered on its head. In the next instant, it transformed into a bolt of lightning and clashed with the human figure.
Boom!
Shockwaves devastated the surrounding area as layer after layer of the ground below their feet was peeled away.
The Rushing Thunder Beast let out a cry of anguish as its enormous body was launched into the air. Its head had been shattered, killed on the spot in a single blow.
The figure landed on the Rushing Thunder Beast corpse, fished out the Beast Spirit Crystal and retrieved the mottled black brush hanging on his waist. The brush hairs swept forth, swallowing the Beast Spirit.
This human figure was naturally Zhou Yuan whom had left the Great Zhou Empire.
It had been two whole months since he left the Great Zhou Empire. Over these two months, Yaoyao and him had passed through numerous regions. The majority of the routes they had chosen to take however were through deep mountains and dense forests, because only in such places would one be able to encounter many Genesis Beasts for training purposes.
Numerous prided geniuses would soon gather at the Saint Remains Domain, and he needed to make use of every single second to raise his strength. Only then would his chances of becoming the final victor be a little bit higher.
The past two months of bitter training had allowed him to progress substantially. There were already faint indications of breaking through to the advance Qi Nourishing stage.
“Can’t believe that a grade 2 Rushing Thunder Beast can’t even survive my full power punch.” Zhou Yuan mumbled to himself, a little proud of his achievement. After all, even ordinary Qi Nourishing stage experts did not dare to face such a beast.
“Is this really worth being happy about?” A clear voice rang out from the side.
Yaoyao carried Tuntun in her arms as she rolled her eyes at Zhou Yuan and said in a slightly miffed manner, “Two entire months of training and you haven’t even managed to bring out the wonders of the Omni Python Qi, what’s there to be pleased about?”
“Urgh…”
Zhou Yuan was taken aback.
Yaoyao helplessly shook her head. “The Omni Python Qi is a grade 5 Genesis Qi and originates from the Ancestral Dragon Scripture. Do you really believe that it is only a little more powerful and domineering than ordinary Genesis Qi?”
Zhou Yuan let out an awkward laugh before he sincerely said, “Please guide me big sis Yaoyao!”
“Go prepare dinner for Tuntun first.” Yaoyao merely chuckled softly while Tuntun released a bark of approval.
Zhou Yuan was helpless. All he could do was hoist the Rushing Thunder Beast on his shoulders and return to their camp where he set up a frame over the fire and began roasting the meat. Such chores had been handled by him for the past two months. Thus, his movements were now smooth and practiced.
Only when the fragrance of roasted meat gradually emerge did Yaoyao finally place a fair hand on her cheek, a small smile on her lips as she asked, “Have you felt any changes in the Omni Python Qi recently?”
Zhou Yuan fell into thought before giving a little shake of his head.
The corners of Yaoyao’s red lips curved downwards. “Tuntun, give it to him.”
Upon hearing this, Tuntun excitedly stood up from her arms, its eyes shining as it stared at Zhou Yuan.
“Eh? Wait!” Zhou Yuan jumped back a little in fear.
Swish!
However, Tuntun ignored him. Its tiny body flashed and appeared in front of Zhou Yuan as a paw was sent swatting over.
Zhou Yuan hurriedly lifted his arms as dark gold Genesis Qi whizzed out.
Thud!
Tuntun’s tiny paw landed and Zhou Yuan was instantly blown away as if struck by a heavy blow. He crashed into a giant tree, intense pain jerking through his arms.
Zhou Yuan hissed through gnashed teeth, “You little bastard, biting the hand that feeds you! Don’t even think about having any more meals in future!”
Yaoyao let out a soft laugh. “Did you feel the tiny change in the Genesis Qi inside your body at the instant of impact?”
Zhou Yuan viciously glared at Tuntun, before beginning to mutter to himself, somewhat hesitant as he replied, “It seems as if the Omni Python Qi wanted to fuse into my flesh and blood when I was hit.”
The truth was that signs of this phenomenon had already been detected by Zhou Yuan. The only reason why it had been overlooked because it was far too faint.
Yaoyao slowly said, “Grasp that feeling and allow nature to take its course.”
“Tuntun.” Yaoyao called out once again.
Tuntun barked in response and looked towards Zhou Yuan. However, it seemed to hesitate as if Zhou Yuan’s threat of not giving it any food earlier had actually worked.
“Bring it.” Said a peeved Zhou Yuan when he saw this.
Swish!
Tutun barked excitedly and shot forward once again, extraordinary power within its tiny paw as it was sent swatting towards Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan’s expression grew solemn. This time however, the instant Tuntun’s little paw arrived, he concentrated on feeling the minute change in the Genesis Qi within his body. Sure enough, he discovered that some Genesis Qi was automatically fusing into the flesh and blood of his arms.
However, Zhou Yuan’s body seemed to put up some resistance, preventing the Genesis Qi from fusing into it.
Zhou Yuan seemed to comprehend something, and immediately fully relaxed his body with a thought. The resistance faded along with this action and strands of Omni Python Qi began to merge into his arms.
The instant this happened, Zhou Yuan saw a faint green glow emerge on his arms. Next, he watched in astonishment as green scales began to grow.
The green scales had a hidden luster like the scales of a python.
Thump!
Tuntun’s paw swung downwards and Zhou Yuan was blown a dozen steps back again. However, he did not feel as much pain from his arms this time. It was clear that the majority of the force had been dispersed by the scales that had appeared on his arms.
“What is this?”
Zhou Yuan mumbled in shock. With a thought, the green scales on his arm swiftly receded.
The previous scene was already more than enough to display the strong defensive powers of the green scales.
Yaoyao smiled faintly when she saw this and answered, “This is the first wonder of the Omni Python Qi, the Magical Python Scales!”
“Magical Python Scales?” Zhou Yuan was taken aback.
“When the body encounters an attack, the Omni Python Qi will automatically protect its owner. Genesis Qi will fuse into the body, creating a layer of scale armor to protect it.”
“There are said to be three levels to this Magical Python Scales which are shown by the color of the scales. The first level is green, the second is gold and the third is purplish gold.”
Yaoyao continued in an unhurried manner, “If you can reach the purplish gold level, even the full power of an Alpha-Origin expert will not be able to break your defences.”
Sss.
Zhou Yuan sucked in a breath of cold air. He couldn’t believe that the Magical Python Scales would possess such insane defensive power.
“The Omni Python Qi is amazing.”
Zhou Yuan could not help but praise out loud. Although Tuntun’s previous attack had not been serious, it had enough power to match an initial Heaven Gate stage practitioner. Yet, the attack had been unable to break the scales. In other words, the green Magical Python Scales were capable of blocking an initial Heaven Gate expert’s attacks.
With the protection of the Magical Python Scales, Zhou Yuan would now be able to put up a fight even against an elite initial Heaven Gate expert.
The grade 5 Omni Python Qi of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture had finally began to reveal a trace of its wondrous power.

