Chapter 136 First Encounter with Wu Huang
Boom!
A surge of powerful Genesis Qi swept out from the figure in golden robes like a storm. The flesh, blood and bones in his body seemed to vibrate at this moment as a faint dragon roar echoed.
A mighty and dignified aura spread from his body as if he was a king.
The other diners in the vicinity were also caught in the aftershocks, their sorry figures backing away one after another. Although they were pretty mad inside, they could only swallow the angry yells that were about to escape their mouths when they saw who the figure was.
The mighty aura converged into a maelstrom of power before sweeping towards Zhou Yuan.
“Hee hee, my word, isn’t the crown prince of the Great Wu Empire being a little too tyrannical? This place isn’t owned by your family, can’t you let others eat in peace?” Zuoqiu Qingyu’s peach blossom like eyes narrowed slightly as she softly chuckled. She took a step forward as similarly powerful Genesis Qi burst out from her body, completely blocking the pressure from Wu Huang.
Yaoyao’s face was unchanged, the only difference was the light now flashing between her brows as she extended a finger and lightly tapped in the air.
Pop!
It was as if an invisible Spirit wave had shot out. The powerful aura from Wu Huang seemed to have been pierced by something, emitting a faint sound as it disappeared without a trace.
The choking pressure followed suit, fading from the area.
“Pissing me off, is this little lady really such an easy target!” There was an ugly expression on Luluo’s little face. Why was everything going wrong today? Why did it seem that everyone was out to bully her.
She really could not take it anymore!
Ice-blue light blossomed from the little ice-blue bird on her shoulder as deadly cold Qi akin to freezing air locked onto the figure in gold next to the window.
The actions of these three ladies instantly made the atmosphere become hostile.
Zhou Yuan’s expression was akin to still water. He merely stared at the figure in gold robes, his five fingers tightly clenched around the Dragon’s Resentment Poison on his palm. The poison roared as if it wanted to burst out, but it was firmly suppressed by him.
The view before his eyes seemed to ripple faintly, as if a long forgotten memory had been unlocked.
It was an ice-cold altar.
He had been placed at its centre, and in front of him lay another tiny baby boy. When he looked over, the baby boy seemed to grin at him.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes gently closed, darkness descending, before being opened once again as the view before him returned to normal.
Everyone on the floor watched the stand-off as low whispers and cries of shock sounded.
“Is that the Great Wu Empire’s Wu Huang?”
“He is indeed as powerful as the rumors say!”
“Tch tch, is that Zuoqiu Qingyu? And the Little County Lord of the Thousand Beast Empire… these two ladies are not easy to deal with!”
“There’s also that otherworldly beautiful guy, I’ve heard that his Spirit has already stepped into the Corporeal stage.”
“No wonder he was able to dispel Wu Huang’s pressure with a single finger.”
“But who is that Qi Nourishing kid?”
“I’ve heard of him before, he seems to be Zhou Yuan from the Great Zhou Empire…”
“It’s him! I know the story behind them. I heard that the Great Wu Empire rebelled against the Great Zhou Empire, and the phenomenon of the python and sparrow devouring the dragon back then refers to them taking the sacred dragon blessings of the Great Zhou Empire’s prince, while that prince is called Zhou Yuan!”
“So that’s it, these two truly are old enemies!”
“But the gap between Zhou Yuan and Wu Huang is too great… without those few at his side, he would have likely been swatted to death by a single palm.”
“......”
Numerous voices stealthily sounded as many people watched this scene in interest.
While everyone thought that a battle would break out, Wu Huang suddenly withdrew his aura, his expression neither happy nor angry as he stood up.
He did not speak, eyes directed to his front as he brushed past Zhou Yuan and the rest.
Only when he passed by Zhou Yuan did his footsteps finally pause for a moment. He did not look towards Zhou Yuan, eyes fixed on the empty air in front of him as he spoke in a seemingly disappointed manner, “I’ve given you so much time, but you’re still only an eyesore.”
He shook his head, no further words as he walked down the steps.
No change at all could be seen from Zhou Yuan’s expression. He slowly released his grip, the Dragon’s Resentment Poison on his palm finally suppressed.
“Let’s eat.” He said.
The group seated themselves at a table, Zuoqiu Qingyu’s peach blossom like eyes curiously sweeping across Zhou Yuan’s body as she asked, “You have a quarrel with Wu Huang?”
“Shall I play arbiter for the both of you?”
Zhou Yuan chuckled and answered, “It’s a life or death quarrel, and only one of us can live.”
Zuoqiu Qingyu was silent for a while, before she said, “Then you’re truly unlucky. You’re completely outclassed by him.”
“There are no absolutes in this world.”
Zhou Yuan slowly said, “A year ago, my eight meridian channels were nowhere to be found, making cultivation impossible, but have I not come all the way here too?”
Zuoqiu Qingyu and Luluo were startled for a moment. This guy had only began his cultivation journey a year ago?
“Tch tch, it seems to me that there is a tiny possibility that you do have the sacred dragon blessing.” Luluo propped up her cheeks and grinned.
“But don’t worry, with us here, even Wu Huang can’t do anything to you!”
Zhou Yuan smiled and passed the menu to Luluo, “Then I’ll have to give my thanks, go ahead and order.”
A rough glance had told him that all the food here was really high-class. Let alone grade 3, even grade 4 Genesis Beasts were available, the only thing was the excessively high prices numbering in several hundreds of thousands of Genesis crystals.
Luluo received the menu, her large eyes glancing towards Zuoqiu Qingyu as she said with a wide smile, “Since somebody is treating us… we’ll have all the most expensive ones!”
“Steamed thunder tiger head!”
“Simmer-fried spirit beef!”
“Ice flame python!”
“......”
The corners of Zuoqiu Qingyu’s mouth twitched slightly as she listened to Luluo shout out dish after this. This lass was really not the least bit polite!
...
Night arrived.
Zhou Yuan was seated on a bed in their room. With a grasp of his hand, the jade bottle containing the Spirit source energy appeared within, while the Underworld Spirit Fruit and Vermillion Blood Grass appeared in front of him with a wave of his sleeve.
His eyes seemed to sparkle a little as he gazed upon these three items. After seeing Wu Huang today, he had no choice but to admit that the latter was very powerful. However, this did not give rise to any fear within him.
Instead, it made a raging battle intent surge out in Zhou Yuan’s heart.
He knew that Wu Huang was a stumbling block on his path of cultivation. Only by defeating the latter would he truly be able to walk the road of the sacred dragon.
“Wu Huang, we’ll see just who dies at whose hands in the Saint Remains Domain.”
“When the time comes, I will let you know that my blessings are not so easily devoured. All of the misfortune you guys have caused me is merely a form of training in my eyes.”
“Only by stepping over all of you will I finally become the true sacred dragon!”
“That’s why… don’t celebrate too early!”
There was no longer any hesitation in Zhou Yuan’s heart. Rays of light emerged from between his brows as the illusory figure of his Spirit emitted a suction force, directly consuming the drop of Spirit source energy.
At the same time, the Underworld Spirit Fruit and Vermillion Blood Grass in his hands burst apart, transforming into strands of black and red Qi that rose into the air and poured into Zhou Yuan head.

