Chapter 256 Trouble Knocking at the Door
News of Zhou Yuan recruiting elite disciples from the other continents swiftly spread in the outer mountains, undoubtedly causing a giant wave to rise.
Of course, the declaration Zhou Yuan made next was even more shocking.
Out of the top ten spots, the non Shengzhou disciples would take six, while the Shengzhou disciples shall have the remaining four!
These words were akin to the impetus for a volcanic eruption, numerous Shengzhou disciples openly mocking them.
"Haha, this is the joke of the century. Ever since the Cangxuan Sect was founded, there has never been less than five Shengzhou disciples amongst the top ten in the peak selection ceremony!"
"Such shameless bragging from Zhou Yuan. Who does he think he is? Can't imagine how he dares to allocate the top ten spots!"
"Looks like he's lost his mind, does he believe he's senior brother Lu Feng?"
"Humph, we Shengzhou disciples are blessed by the heavens, and should naturally enjoy better treatment. Who does Zhou Yuan think he is? I heard that he even plans on vieing for first place with senior brother Lu Feng, what a joke."
"It seems that defeating Zhu Feng and obtaining victory over Zhu Yue in the Genesis technique match has given him the impression that there's no one capable amongst us Shengzhou disciples, how cocky."
"Let's see how he'll take responsibility for his words this time. Truly a fool who doesn’t know the immensity of the heavens.”
“......”
The outer mountains descended into boiling anger, a tsunami of opposition exploding from the Shengzhou disciples as if they had been greatly humiliated.
In response to the enormous ruckus, even more non Shengzhou disciples inwardly curled their lips. Where was all this self-righteousness when you guys decided that you would be taking eight of the top ten spots and leave two for us as ‘charity’?
Now that someone had finally stood up amongst the non Shengzhou disciples, these guys were acting as if they had been utterly humiliated, and would never let this matter drop.
Hence, many non Shengzhou disciples secretly applauded Zhou Yuan’s decision to bravely step forward. Although they did not know why he dared to so openly face Lu Feng, it was better than before, when everyone was so afraid of Lu Feng that no one had the courage to even raise his or her head.
However, they did feel somewhat awkward. This matter would certainly draw violent backlash from the Shengzhou disciples, backlash that they did not know whether Zhou Yuan would be able to deal with. If he failed, his bold declaration would only turn into a joke, making them have to bow their heads even lower in front of the proud Shengzhou disciples.
...
Genesis Mountain.
The training sessions here were not missed by a single outer mountain disciple, with the exception of Yaoyao…
However, there was something different about the atmosphere today, a faint hint of tenseness and hostility in the air.
Countless gazes sneaked glances towards a certain spot near the peak, where Zhou Yuan was seated on his cultivation platform with his eyes closed, no hint of any other emotion on his calm face.
Many gazes also looked towards another cultivation platform nearby, where dressed entirely in white, was Lu Feng, an equally nonchalant look on his face.
The atmosphere covering Genesis Mountain was strangely tense.
This lasted for a long time, before a figure suddenly stood up. It was a young man with fierce eyes, vigorous Genesis Qi pulsing around his body.
It was Qin Zhen. He was not some unknown individual, but the number six amongst the ten great outer mountain disciples.
He looked towards Zhou Yuan with hostility, before lifting his leg as he began stomping menacingly towards the latter.
Figure after figure also stood up, following behind him. Their eyes were filled with toying looks as they gazed towards Zhou Yuan.
A dozen figures soon gathered.
All of them were first class disciples, while also from the Shengzhou continent. Any one of them was usually objected to admiration and respect. When all of them were gathered together, they became a force that was exceptionally intimidating.
The expressions of several non Shengzhou disciples changed slightly, feeling somewhat nervous. From the looks of it, these Shengzhou disciples were going to cause trouble for Zhou Yuan.
“That’s Qin Zhen, ranked six amongst the outer mountain disciples…”
“Do you see the silver hair young man beside him? That’s Lei Hongtao, an even more formidable character that’s ranked fourth amongst the outer mountain disciples.”
“The others are no ordinary individuals too.”
“It seems that they don't have friendly intentions."
“.....”
Numerous whispers spread as every gaze on Genesis Mountain shifted over.
When Lei Hongtao, Qin Zhen and the rest menacingly walked towards Zhou Yuan, the expressions of Qiao Xiu, Zhao Kun, Song Wanxi and gang changed slightly. How could they not know what the other party was up to. Their gazes immediately converged, and a split second later, figure after figure stood up and gathered behind the trio, before moving to stand in front of Zhou Yuan.
Countless gazes watched the two parties that were about to collide, their hearts jumping erratically in their chests. These two groups were basically composed of the elites amongst this batch of outer mountain disciples.
If they were to clash, it would be an earth shaking event.
"Lei Hongtao, Qin Zhen, what are you guys planning on doing?!" Asked Qiao Xiu in a low voice.
"Qiao Xiu, Zhao Kun, scram!" There was an ominous look in Qin Zhen's eyes, no trace of any civility in his words. Powerful Genesis Qi burst from his body as a suffocating pressure spread.
"Qin Zhen, do you think I'm made from mud?!" Zhao Kun was also a proud individual. His eyes immediately hardened as he too stepped forward, violence brimming from his eyes as he looked towards Qin Zhen.
"Oh, have your balls grown Zhao Kun? Do you really believe you've found a reliable backer?" Qin Zhen's tone was filled with ridicule.
"But the Sky Dipper Hand you practice is still slightly lacking compared to mine. Have you already forgotten the lesson I taught you the last time?”
Zhao Kun's gaze turned icy. Genesis Qi swirled around his hands as they faintly expanded, undulations violently pulsing from them.
By Qin Zhen's side, the silver hair youth called Lei Hongtao spoke up in an indifferent voice, "Zhao Kun, this matter does not concern you guys. I advise you to open your eyes a little wider, and not be so easily tricked by others. There are some people who have no ability, but wield their tongues with impeccable finesse."
His gaze seemed to sweep to the back, where Zhou Yuan was seated, clearly putting no effort to conceal the disdain within them.
Song Wanxi's lips opened slightly as she calmly said, "What we do is our own business. There's no need for senior brother Lei's concern."
Lei Hongtao coldly snorted. "Junior sister Song, in our previous bout, your Black Ying Scripture really caught me off guard. However, I've now mastered the Red Yang Law, so feel free to come at me again.”
Song Wanxi frowned a little upon hearing this. She naturally knew that the Red Yang Law just so happened to counter the Black Ying Scripture she practiced.
Qin Zhen coldly chuckled, no longer bothering with them as his gaze looked straight towards Zhou Yuan. “Zhou Yuan, didn’t you say that we Shengzhou disciples can only occupy four of the top ten spots? We’re here to find out what right you have to say such things!”
His expression turned serious as he stepped forward, his thunderous voice rumbling across the entire Genesis Mountain.
“So get your ass over here!”
“If you don’t give us an explanation today, you will not be able to walk out of Genesis Mountain!”

