Chapter 160 Wind and Thunder Mastered, Yaoyao Injured
Rumble.
Black thunderclouds spat silver snake like lightning, each bolt striking the black lightning rod stone. In turn, the stone emitted wind and lightning power that poured onto the seated Zhou Yuan below.
Every time the wind and lightning power descended, Zhou Yuan's body would tremble uncontrollably.
Although he was already numb to the intense pain, his body would subconsciously react.
Zhou Yuan's eyes were tightly shut, ignoring the pain from his body. After several days of training in this manner, he had already grown used to the strike of lightning.
At this current moment, all his attention was on the interior of his body. Powerful Genesis Qi surged within his blood-red Qi Dwelling where the faint glow of lightning could be seen. Along with the lightning, the sound of rustling wind could be heard.
Lightning flickers as wind blew, the two forces weaving into one while absorbing wisps of Genesis Qi from time to time. Slowly, the amalgamation seemed to transform into a mystical mark.
This mark was similar to lightning and wind, and looked as if it was naturally formed. It was also extremely cryptic and profound.
A mark like this was known as a technique mark.
Such a mark could only be obtained through special cultivation methods. Once formed, it would be imprinted on the Qi Dwelling like a seed of sorts. In future, one would only need to fuse Genesis Qi into the mark to activate the technique.
However, it was clearly much simpler to successfully imprint a little Heaven Genesis technique mark. The difficulty was substantially greater for true Genesis techniques, and required extremely high talent and comprehension ability.
It was rumored that the great powers were masters of innumerable techniques, their Qi Dwellings akin to the starry sky, while powerful Genesis technique after technique easily flowed from their hands. After these great powers died, their technique marks could be left behind through the power of their wills.
Just like the Saint Remains Domain where Genesis techniques existed within the bodies of the native Genesis Beasts…
The Great Wind and Thunder technique mark Zhou Yuan had just managed to acquire was only at the elementary stage. To perfect it, one needed to keep exposing one's body to wind and lightning, and gain increasing understanding of the power within.
Boom!
Zhou Yuan's tightly shut eyes abruptly opened at this moment, the glow of lightning flashing within them.
His hands curled slightly as he placed the bases of his palms together, one on top, one on the bottom as if he was cupping the sun or moon. Meanwhile, the technique mark in his Qi Dwelling began to vibrate.
Pchla.
A glow emerged as lightning began flickering between Zhou Yuan's palms, starting off as a tiny dot that rapidly swelled in response to the influx of Genesis Qi, transforming into a foot wide green black lightning ball.
Violent ripples pulsed from the surface of the lightning ball.
Zhou Yuan's hands were flung forward, shooting the black lightning ball. Its speed was astonishingly fast, travelling a hundred feet in a flash before slamming into a mountain peak.
Boom!
The entire mountain peak instantly collapsed, boulders tumbling down. Its destructive power was insane.
"As expected of a little Heaven Genesis technique!" Zhou Yuan was shocked by the technique's destructive power. He had merely been trying to test it earlier, and had not used his full power. However, the resultant destructive power was already greater than his fully powered Dragon Tablet Hand.
Joy surfaced on Zhou Yuan's face. Great Wind and Thunder had not disappointed him after all, the time spent being struck by lightning had not been wasted.
"Now that I have learnt the Great Wind and Thunder technique, my battle power has risen once again." Mumbled Zhou Yuan to himself. He would be able to put up a fight even if against encountered those apex geniuses now.
Bzz.
While Zhou Yuan was mumbling to himself, he suddenly sensed some activity from the Saint Tablet in the sky. He immediately lifted his head and saw rays of light converging on the tablet.
This sight caused Zhou Yuan's pupils to shrink. When the Saint Tablet acted in this manner, it meant that changes were being made on it…
"Who will be leaving a name on the tablet this time?"
Under Zhou Yuan's attention, light swept across the tablet and ancient words gradually appeared.
Wu Huang.
Dongxuan Continent, Ye Ming?
The first two rows of words that had appeared stunned Zhou Yuan. He knew who Wu Huang was, but who was Ye Ming? The Dongxuan Continent? He wasn't from the Cangmang Continent?
How had he entered the Saint Remains Domain?
Zhou Yuan frowned. A split second later however, his expression instantly changed when he saw the words that appeared behind the two names, chilling killing intent abruptly gushing out in his eyes.
"Wu Huang, Ye Ming, joined hands against Zhou Xiaoyao... "
"Zhou Xiaoyao, injured."
Boom!
Berserk Genesis Qi suddenly burst out from Zhou Yuan's body as his expression twisted into ferocity.
"Wu Huang, I will kill you!"
A howl filled with murder ripped through the mountain, drowning out even the rumbling thunder.
Wave after wave of berserk Genesis Qi pulsed violently, only gradually returning to calmness a long while later. Zhou Yuan forcible regained his composure, his gaze still tightly fixed on Wu Huang’s name. It was obvious that Wu Huang had initially been overwhelmed by Yaoyao, but later on joined forces with the Dongxuan Continent’s Ye Ming. Since he was acknowledged by Wu Huang, Ye Ming’s strength was surely unfathomable.
In the face of two apex prided geniuses, though Yaoyao’s Spirit was strong, she had her weakness too; she did not have any Genesis Qi, and had a comparatively weaker body. Once anyone got too close, it was very easy for her to be injured.
“Yaoyao is injured. No good, I need to find her immediately!”
Zhou Yuan’s complexion was ashen. He leaped off the mountain top, a cloud of dark gold Genesis Qi appearing beneath his feet while he fell that brought him soaring into the sky.
He had promised master Cang Yuan to protect Yaoyao, and yet she had now been injured. If anything were to happen to her, Zhou Yuan would spend his whole life blaming himself.
Murder churned and surged in Zhou Yuan’s eyes.
“Wu Huang, the Saint Remains Domain will be your grave!”
...
When Zhou Yuan saw the changes on the Saint Tablet, the numerous prided geniuses in the entire Saint Remains Domain were also shown the two names on it, causing them to immediately explode into a din that reached into the heavens.
“Wu Huang has also left his name on the tablet?”
“But who the heck is Ye Ming? Blasted, it’s someone from the Dongxuan Continent?”
“The Saint Remains Domain is a blessing of our Cangmang Continent, how did these Dongxuan people sneak in? Are they planning on snatching our blessing?”
“Wu Huang is so shameless. To think that he actually worked together with those from the Dongxuan Continent to deal with Zhou Xiaoyao!”
“Humph, I originally thought he was a remarkable individual. Can’t believe that he is actually so unscrupulous. Doesn’t even try to be at least a little bit honorable; when he can’t win, he gangs up with outsiders.”
“He is indeed shameless. If I meet him, I will definitely spit in his face!”
“......”
The voices flooded every corner of the Saint Remains Domain. Everyone was shocked by the information revealed on the Saint Remains Tablet. Of course, the thing that filled them with the most indignation was the one from the Dongxuan Continent, Ye Ming.
Did this not mean that the geniuses of the Dongxuan Continent had already infiltrated the Saint Remains Domain?
Their target was definitely to snatch away the Cangmang Continent’s blessings.
It seems that the waters in the Saint Remains Domain were exceptionally deep this time...
...

