Chapter 190 Risking One’s Life in Battle
Hss!
With a hiss, the giant dark gold python opened its giant maw, swallowing the incoming golden three-legged crow in a single gulp under countless shocked gazes.
This scene was rather provoking to the eyes.
Waves of noise spread inside and outside the Saint Remains Domain.
“Zhou Yuan’s techniques are not shabby at all.”
“Both of them likely have grade 5 Genesis Qi, else it would be very difficult for their Genesis Qi to take on such forms.”
“I thought that Zhou Yuan would lose rather quickly, but from the looks of it, he can still last for some time.”
“Hehe, I’m of the opposite opinion, just consider how strong Wu Huang is. No matter what, Zhou Yuan is one cultivation level lower. If he was also at the Alpha-Origin stage, Wu Huang may not be able to beat him, unfortunately…”
In the sky outside the Saint Remains Domain, the six envoys and the numerous representatives watched the scenes within the mirror in rapt attention.
When the giant dark gold python swallowed the golden three-legged crow, Zhao Pan’s eyes narrowed slightly, but an icy smile appeared from the corners of his lips as he said, “Zhou Yuan’s appetite is quite large, isn’t he afraid of eating beyond his means?”
Someone of his calibre was naturally able to tell that both individuals possessed grade 5 Genesis Qi. Such Genesis Qi was already pretty extraordinary.
However, although both parties were the same grade 5, Zhou Yuan was only at the Heaven Gate stage, while Wu Huang was an Alpha-Origin expert. The difference in Genesis Qi cultivation between them was not small at all.
Zhou Yuan may have previously been able to take advantage of others with his grade 5 Genesis Qi, but that advantage was no longer present against Wu Huang.
Upon hearing Zhao Pan’s remarks, the other envoys gave a slight nod. They were naturally also able to tell that Zhou Yuan would not have any advantage in a clash such as this.
Mu Wuji did not comment this time. He merely continued to stare at the giant dark gold python that had swallowed the golden three-legged crow as he frowned slightly.
Under their attention, the python suddenly hissed as scarlet-red flames began to unfurl inside its body.
“You’re too arrogant Zhou Yuan. You may have grade 5 Genesis Qi, but I have one too.”
“Your Genesis Qi is powerful and plentiful, but mine is even more so!”
“And now, you dare to forcibly swallow my Genesis Qi? That’s just seeking death!”
Wu Huang coldly stared at Zhou Yuan. Soon after, a mocking smile raised from the corners of his lips as he made a seal with one hand.
*Cackle*!
Scarlet-red flames abruptly burst out from the giant dark gold python’s body. The flames burned, turning python into nothingness. From within the flames, the three-legged crow formed once again. Although it was now much smaller, it still gave off an astonishing presence.
*Gasp*!
“Be burnt to ashes by my Golden Crow Sky Burning Qi!” With a cry from Wu Huang, the golden three-legged crow descende, heading straight for Zhou Yuan.
This scene instantly caused countless gasps both inside and outside the Saint Remains Domain.
Boiling heat filled the sky as it surged over. Zhou Yuan raised his head, but there was not even the slightest shred of fear on his handsome face as he gazed at the rapidly growing three-legged crow.
Zhou Yuan spoke in a calm voice, “If it’s just Genesis Qi, mine is indeed weaker than yours. However… anything that has been swallowed by my python will be unable to escape so easily.”
He slowly extended a hand, aiming it at the incoming golden three-legged crow.
Wu Huang’s pupils abruptly shrank at this moment.
Because he had seen a strange lines of blood suddenly appear on the golden three-legged crow. The lines squirmed and twisted as they gave off an extremely eerie aura.
Ch ch!
Light emerged from the bloody lines as the ferociously sweeping down golden three-legged crow seemed to let loose a miserable cry, the burning flames on its body rapidly dimming at an alarming speed.
Bang!
The crow exploded when it was still dozens of feet from Zhou Yuan, transforming into a rain of fire.
Dark gold Genesis Qi transformed into a cloud above Zhou Yuan’s head, blocking every last drop of fire.
“Eh?”
Several envoys involuntarily cried out in shock outside the Saint Remains Domain.
The sneer on Zhao Pan’s lips turned a little rigid, his expression now a little ugly. He clearly never expected that Wu Huang’s advantage would be so easily dispelled by Zhou Yuan.
Mu Wuji breathed a sigh of relief. So the reason why Zhou Yuan had dared to engage in a direct clash of Genesis Qi was because he did have something up his sleeve.
Mu Wuji mumbled in his heart, “This brat’s Genesis Qi seems to contain an extremely tyrannical and sinister presence…”
Wu Huang’s golden three-legged crow had clearly been contaminated by this sinister presence earlier when it was inside the python’s body, causing it to swiftly fall apart in the end.
Mu Wuji chuckled. Zhou Yuan had originally been unable to match Wu Huang in Genesis Qi due to the difference in their cultivation levels. But if Zhou Yuan had the aid of that strange and tyrannical presence, Wu Huang may not be able to do anything against the former in this aspect.
…
“What did you do?!” Wu Huang’s chilling gaze glared at Zhou Yuan, clearly having also sensed that strange tyrannical presence.
Zhou Yuan slowly extended his hand, his palm facing Wu Huang. A lump of blood-red slowly wiggled at the center of his palm as it gave off heart shaking resentment.
“Have you forgotten? This is the present your father left for me.” Zhou Yuan’s indifferent voice sounded.
Wu Huang’s pupils shrank. “It’s… the Dragon’s Resentment Poison?!”
He naturally knew that the sacred dragon blessing had given birth to resentment when his father stole it from Zhou Yuan many years ago. His father had sealed this resentment in Zhou Yuan’s body, resulting in the formation of the Dragon’s Resentment Poison that continuously devoured his essence blood, crippling him completely.
But from the looks of it, not only had Zhou Yuan survived the Dragon’s Resentment Poison, he had even made it a strong ally. Due to the tyrannical and strange nature of the poison, even someone like Wu Huang did not dare to let it enter his body.
The fact was that he had already felt the poison’s domineering nature when he met Xiao Tianxuan and Gu Ling. However, the Dragon’s Resentment Poison in their bodies had been too thin, leading Wu Huang to disregard it.
Only now that he personally witnessed it today did he truly understand its terror.
Wu Huang sinisterly said, “You are really like a cockroach, to think that even that did not kill you.”
Zhou Yuan indifferently retorted, “How can I possibly die before I return each and every one of these gifts to your Wu clan?”
“Is that so?”
Wu Huang’s eyes were eerily cold as the Golden Crow Spear suddenly shot out of his hand, transforming into a flash of scarlet light. With unmatched berserk power, it rocketed towards Zhou Yuan like a bolt of lightning.
The Heavenly Yuan Brush in Zhou Yuan’s hand shuddered as it floated into the air. A vicious kick was sent towards the back of the brush, transforming it into a streak of light as it shot forth.
Clang!
Spear and brush smashed in mid air as an earthshaking clang resounded. Both weapons were flung backwards, stabbing into the white jade plaza as cracks extended on the ground around them.
The tip of Wu Huang’s feet landed on the head of the spear, his eyes filled with murder as he stared at Zhou Yuan’s figure. Wu Huang’s hands swiftly formed a seal as scarlet-red Genesis Qi surged over.
He deeply inhaled, before abruptly blowing.
*Cackle*!
Scarlet-red Genesis Qi spouted out in an arc, swirling around in front of him as it transformed into a glowing head-sized scarlet-red bead.
The silhouette of a golden crow could be faintly seen within it as berserk Genesis Qi ripples pulsed.
“Zhou Yuan, you may not have died back then, but I feel it is time for you to die now!”
“Little Heaven Genesis technique, Golden Crow Detonation Bead!”
Wu Huang foot slammed into the spear with a stern shout, causing the Golden Crow Spear to bend at an extreme angle. A sudden jerk later, Wu Huang’s body instantly appeared some distance in front of Zhou Yuan
Killing intent violently surged out from Wu Huang’s eyes as the spinning scarlet-red bead in his hand was viciously swung downwards at Zhou Yuan.
The ground below his feet instantly shattered at this moment.
Extreme heat filled the air. Zhou Yuan gazed upon the figure that had appeared slightly above him, as a ruthless look suddenly surged in his eyes.
“Dog reared Wu clan, you cruelly bullied me back when I was a baby. Today, I will first take this mix-blood mutt as interest!”
Zhou Yuan’s handsome face seemed to twist hideously into savagery.
All the killing that he had suppressed in his heart for so many years came blasting out at this moment.
In response to Wu Huang’s ferocious attack, Zhou Yuan neither avoided nor dodged, his sleeve suddenly blasting apart as his fingers violently dug into the wind lightning ball that had appeared on his palm.
Mad ruthlessness in his eyes, he sent his hand swatting towards Wu Huang.
“Little Heaven Genesis technique, Great Wind and Thunder!”
Life for a life!

