Chapter 557 Qin Ling
Boom!
An indescribably terrifying power swept towards them from all directions, as space rapidly crumbled around them. The boat at the center of the destruction began to shudder, as if it was about to shatter to pieces.
The expressions of the numerous Cangxuan Sect disciples within changed drastically. They were as tiny as ants before this destructive power.
Zhou Yuan’s expression also turned grave, as he quickly shot a glance at peak master Lianyi’s figure. Although the latter’s beautiful face was currently ice-cold, there was not a single hint of panic, an observation that made him breathe a sigh of relief.
“I was wondering who it was, so it’s the fourth hall master of Sacred Palace, Qin Ling. Though we’ve not met for many years, your ability to shamelessly boost has not deproved at all.” Iciness flashed in peak master Lianyi’s eyes as her foot lightly stomped on the floor.
Bzz
It was as if an invisible ripple spread outwards from peak master Lianyi. As it pulsed, the terrifying energies that were sweeping towards the boat were calmed in an instant, even the crumbling space immediately recovering.
With a grasp of her hand, the surrounding Genesis Qi gushed towards her and transformed into a giant, seemingly endless phoenix. The phoenix roared at the sky, as torrential power hurtled towards the white mountain where the fourth hall master of Sacred Palace was still seated.
Peak master Lianyi immediately displayed her astonishing talent in manipulating Genesis Qi, the surrounding Genesis Qi easily forged at will in her hand. It was practically at the pinnacle of perfection.
Atop the white mountain peak, the fourth hall master’s abyss like eyes glimmered. With a wave of his sleeve, vast Genesis Qi swept forth, transforming into a giant hand that smashed into the approaching phoenix.
Boom!
The two forces collided as an indescribably berserk shockwave unfurled. The entire place seemed to tremble, as a giant gaping abyss opened up in the sea below, causing the surrounding sea water to rapidly gush in.
The expressions of the experts from the various factions in the area changed one after another as they hurriedly backed away. Boundless streams of Genesis Qi whizzed forth to block the frightening shockwaves.
The exchange between peak master Lianyi and the fourth hall master was akin to armageddon itself.
Peak master Lianyi waved her hand, neutralizing the incoming shockwave. Boundless Genesis Qi began to gather towards her once more, seemingly taking the form of a lotus.
An extremely terrifying aura leaked from it.
She was evidently going to go at it for real.
However, if these two individuals were allowed to fight for real, the aftershocks of their battle would likely destroy the entrance to the Mythic Utopia. Hence, the representatives from the other four overlord sects spoke up to stop them.
“The Mythic Utopia is about to open, please put aside your differences for the time being!”
Upon seeing the four overlord sect representatives that had stepped forward, peak master Lianyi icily snorted, as the glowing lotus in her had gradually dissipated. She naturally also understood that this was not the place and time.
“Hall master Qin Ling, if you’re interested, we can find a place to have a proper duel after the Mythic Utopia opens.” Although peak master Lianyi was a woman, she had an exceptionally fiery temper.
“How can I fear peak master Lianyi’s invitation?” On the white mountain peak, the seated figure slowly rose to his feet. He had the appearance of a middle-aged man, his abyss like eyes rousing both fear and respect in anyone who saw them.
When he stood up, a mighty pressure slowly spread, the churning waves in the sea below to timidly turn calm, not daring to make even a tiny splash.
This was the fourth hall master of the Sacred Palace, Qin Ling.
Sparks flew as peak master Lianyi and hall master Qin Ling’s gazes clashed, while the surrounding space began to distort a little.
“So this is a hall master of the Sacred Palace.” On the boat, Zhou Yuan’s gaze was grave as he looked at that heart-palpitating figure. Even a tiny sliver of the aura from the latter’s body made him feel  mountain-crushing pressure.
It was said that there were ten halls in the Sacred Palace, and Qin Ling was one of the ten hall masters.
From how peak master Lainyi and Qin Ling had immediately clashed the moment they met, it was quite clear that the relation between the Cangxuan Sect and Sacred Palace was very hostile. However, no one found this strange at all. It was after all the Sacred Palace’s scheming back then that had eventually led to patriarch Cang Xuan’s demise, while also substantially weakening the Cangxuan Sect. Given peak master Lianyi’s temper, if sect master Qing Yang had not held her back, she would have risked everything and attacked the Sacred Palace long ago.
The other factions breathed a sigh of relief upon seeing that the two big shots had come to a temporary truce. If the duo were to disregard everything and fight here, the non overlord factions would end up suffering the most.
With the arrival of the Sacred Palace, the six overlord sects of Cangxuan Heaven were now in full attendance. Such a line-up was extremely grand indeed.
Bzz bzz!
It was not long before the entrance of the Mythic Utopia started to grow increasingly distorted. More and more pure Genesis Qi spouted out, causing the air in the vicinity to turn clearer and fresher.
After another incense stick of time, everyone saw the distorted space slowly begin to tear itself open, ultimately forming a hundred foot long spatial crack.
When the spatial crack appeared, the six representatives of the overlord sects suddenly moved. Vast Genesis Qi transformed into six giant hands that towards the crack and began to forcibly widen it.
As the crack grew larger and larger, the six giant Genesis Qi hands began to melt and fused with the spatial crack, until it slowly became completely stable.
Only then was the entrance to the Mythic Utopia truly open.
Peak master Lianyi looked towards the numerous disciples behind her and said, “The Mythic Utopia is open, prepare to enter.”
“Remember that it will be nothing like the competitions and trainings of the sect inside. Your lives have never been threatened in the sect, but here, your elders and seniors will no longer be able to protect you, and the only ones you can rely on will be yourselves.”
“No one will show any mercy for the sake of obtaining Mythic Genesis essence.”
“However, you guys are also the finest Cangxuan Sect disciples of this generation, so do not perform too poorly and sully our reputation.”
The disciples did not dare to tarry, and quickly acknowledged in a respectful manner.
“Chu Qing, Qingchan and Kong Sheng. You three are the leaders, so make sure you stay cautious at all times.” Peak master Lianyi looked towards the trio. “One last thing, be careful of those from the Sacred Palace.”
The Chu Qing trio nodded.
After giving them her final instructions, peak master Lianyi did not waste any more time. With a gentle wave of her sleeve, Genesis Qi turned into an arc of light under the disciples’ feet, before carrying them into the stabilized spatial entrance.
At the same time, the other five overlord sect representatives also acted, sending the disciples of their sect into the Mythic Utopia.
Swoosh! Swish!
Meanwhile, the various factions eagerly waiting factions behind also began to move. Genesis Qi rippled across the place, as countless streams of Genesis Qi were sent into the spatial tear.
It was an extremely magnificent scene.
Hall master Qin Ling stood atop the white peak with his hands behind his back. He suddenly turned towards peak master Lianyi, and said with a superficial smile, “Peak master Lianyi, the Sacred Palace has always ended up the ultimate winners in the past few re-emergences of the Mythic Utopia. Your Cangxuan Sect, on the other hand, has always ended up as the losers, and suffered serious losses. I wonder how many of the disciples your Cangxuan Sect has so painstakingly nurtured will be able to leave alive this time.”
Peak master Lianyi’s eyes turned ice-cold as she frostily said, “Don’t be so certain, aren’t you afraid of being humiliated because you can’t take back your words?”
Hall master Qin Ling softly chuckled, but did not answer. Faint hints of mockery and disdain appeared from beneath his eyes, as he turned towards the entrance of the Mythic Utopia and nonchalantly said, “Let’s wait and see.”
“I’m only afraid that peak master Lianyi will be rather disappointed in the end.”

