Chapter 207 A Single Palm Strike
Rumble!
Boundless and vigorous Genesis Qi ferociously swept out from Zhao Pan’s body like a thunderstorm, causing the world around him to tremble slightly.
The expressions of the countless geniuses present involuntarily changed. The anger of a Divine Dwelling expert was not something the likes of them could withstand.
The Genesis Qi pressure charged towards Zhou Yuan, making him feel the brunt of it. In that moment, he felt as if his body was deep in the sea, terrifying pressure rushing towards him from all directions as if intending to crush him to a pulp.
The bones all over his body creaked and cracked.
Hsss!
In his Qi Dwelling, the Omni Python Qi let out a hiss in response as it swiftly broke out of his body, transforming into a giant Genesis Qi python around him to block the frightening pressure.
“Zhao Pan, what do you think you’re doing!”
However, Zhou Yuan did not suffer for long before Mu Wuji’s angry voice was suddenly heard.
Rumble!
Equally powerful and vast Genesis Qi erupted from Mu Wuji’s body, meeting Zhao Pan’s Genesis Qi pressure head-on.
The stand off between two Divine Dwelling experts immediately made the Genesis Qi in the area show faint signs of boiling.
Zhao Pan icily said, “Humph, this vicious and merciless kid slayed the physical body of a genius my Sacred Palace had our attention on. If he is not punished, won’t others look down on my Sacred Palace!”
“Mu Wuji, I advise you to hand over the kid. Or else when I report this to the palace master, my Sacred Palace may step up to formally demand your Cangxuan Sect to hand him over!”
Cangxuan Sect’s power had been on the decline ever since the death of patriarch Cang Xuan, while Sacred Palace was akin to a rising sun, even showing signs of soon becoming the number one sect in Cangxuan Heaven. This was why they had grown increasingly overbearing over the years.
Mu Wuji laughed in extreme anger when he heard this. “Zhao Pan, who the heck do you think you are. Do you really believe my Cangxuan Sect is afraid of your Sacred Palace?!”
“Such a fate befell Wu Huang because his skills were lacking. Aren’t you afraid of becoming a laughing stock if you continue to pester us here.”
The other four envoys frowned slightly, evidently also thinking that Zhao Pan was causing trouble for no reason.
Zhao Pan’s eyes hardened. “It seems that you’re not going to hand him over. If so, I’ll have to take him myself!”
Rumble!
Magnificent Genesis Qi whizzed out, transforming into a giant hundred feet wide hand that grabbed at Zhou Yuan.
Mu Wuji coldly snorted as green Genesis Qi rapidly blew out from his nose. Like a giant Genesis Qi chain, it wrapped around the Genesis Qi hand, binding it and preventing it from descending.
“Green Smoke Dragon Bind technique!”
At the same time, the pipe in Mu Wuji’s hand shook as green smoke rose from it. A split second later, the smoke seemed to penetrate space, directly appearing in the air around Zhao Pan as it began to coil around his body.
The green smoke may appear thin and weak, but the surrounding space began to warp and distort when held in its clutches, as if even a giant dragon would be unable to escape its grasp.
Poof!
However, the moment the green smoke wrapped around Zhao Pan, his body suddenly began to distort. In the end, his body transformed into a shadow with a poof and slowly faded away.
The moment his figure faded, Zhao Pan’s icy snort rang out. “Humph, I’ve long heard of Mu Wuji’s dragon bind technique, how can I possibly not be prepared?!”
“Shadow Split technique?” The eyes of the other four envoys widened slightly when they saw this.
It was a rather high level Genesis technique of Sacred Palace. They had not expected Zhao Pan to have mastered it.
In the sky, the giant Genesis Qi hand Zhao Pan had sent forth earlier suddenly split open, revealing his true body as his icy gaze locked onto the nearby Zhou Yuan.
“Let’s see who can save you today!”
Zhao Pan transformed into a blur as he shot forward.
The sight of this caused Zhou Yuan's expression to change slightly as a cold look filled his eyes. He never imagined that Zhao Pan would be so shameless as to use the might of a Divine Dwelling expert to deal with a younger generation like himself who had only recently touched the Alpha-Origin stage.
"Space Lock Palm!”
Boundless Genesis Qi gathered towards Zhao Pan's outstretched hand, before he suddenly swatted downwards.
The palm seemed to abruptly enlarged in Zhou Yuan's eyes, covering the entire sky as if blocking off any escape.
Beside him, Yaoyao's pretty face had turned exceedingly frosty as her chest rose slightly, an indication that she had truly been angered. A faint glow began to emerge between her brows.
However, it was at this moment that Zhou Yuan suddenly grabbed Yaoyao's cool as jade hand.
He looked towards her ice-cold eyes and faintly shook his head, before reaching out to grab her slender waist as their figures rapidly backed away. At the same time, the Saint Rune began to spin in his eyes
"Humph, the Space Lock Hand will seal the surrounding space. How can you possibly escape?” Mocked Zhao Pan, the gaze that looked towards Zhou Yuan akin to a cat toying with a mouse.
Zhou Yuan did not answer. He knew how powerful a Divine Dwelling expert was, and had no intentions of facing the attack directly. The ancient Saint Rune spun in his eyes, the originally sealed area seemingly becoming much blurrer.
Several weak points appeared.
Zhou Yuan used Dragon Step as he rapidly retreated.
Huu!
He took a dozen steps back at an angle.
When the final step fell, the sealed area suddenly vanished, the giant sky encompassing hand also disappearing...
At this moment, Zhao Pan's palm fully landed.
The expression on his face immediately turned rigid as he stared at Zhou Yuan in disbelief.
"Eh?" The other envoys cried out in bewilderment. They clearly knew that no one under the Divine Dwelling stage could possibly avoid Zhao Pan’s palm, and yet it had just been ingeniously evaded by Zhou Yuan.
*Uproar*!
The countless geniuses in the area broke into an uproar, shocked gazes looking towards Zhou Yuan.
No one had expected him to survive an attack from a Divine Dwelling stage expert!
Mu Wuji’s figure flew over in a flash, blocking in front of Zhou Yuan. However, the eyes that looked towards the latter were likewise filled with shock and amazement, evidently unable to understand how he had avoided Zhao Pan’s palm.
The noises that filled the sky caused Zhao Pan’s face to be interlaced by green and white, before ultimately transforming into red rage, killing intent spilling from his eyes.
“Bastardly thing, you dare to make a fool out of me. I will not forgive you!”
Howled Zhao Pan, the humiliation he felt turning into extreme rage. It was already shameful for him to attack Zhou Yuan with the power of the Divine Dwelling stage, while failing to achieve anything with the attack was akin to adding insult to injury. If news of this spread, it would become a black stain on his record that would follow him throughout his.
Rumble!
Genesis Qi rose around Mu Wuji, his expression hardening as he gazed upon the now enraged Zhao Pan. It seems that a battle with the latter was unavoidable.
Rumble!
However, just as Genesis Qi began converging towards the howling Zhao Pan, the world seemed to shake all of a sudden.
Countless gazes looked over, only to see a vast torrent of light suddenly sweep out from the still open Saint Remains Domain. It transformed into a giant hand, containing terrifying power as it descended towards Zhao Pan.
At the same time, a low voice boomed across the area.
"When I died back then, I said that the trash of Sacred Palace will not be allowed near here. You little piece of shit, who gave you the balls?!"
The voice dazed the numerous geniuses, while the expressions of Mu Wuji and the other envoys rapidly changed.
The still howling Zhao Pan immediately fell silent, confusion flitting across his face for a split second before he suddenly seemed to recall something. His complexion instantly turned deathly pale as indescribable fear flooded out in his eyes.
“Pa… patriarch Cang Xuan?!”
Zhao Pan involuntarily cried out.
In the next instant, he had already turned a hundred and eighty degrees, desperately running away like a dog that had lost its home.
He knew how terrifying an existence he had offended. Even though that person had already died, his lingering will remained in the place he had fallen.
Even a mere lingering will was incomparably terrifying to Zhao Pan.
Rumble!
However, the giant hand in the sky continued to descend, ignoring the laws of space as it appeared behind Zhao Pan.
Boom!
The sky shook violently. Everyone could only watch as Zhao Pan's figure fell like a cannonball, smashing through mountain after mountain…
In the end, Zhao Pan was buried in a giant pile of rubble…
Countless geniuses were stupefied. No one had expected the ferocious Zhao Pan from a dozen breaths ago would be thrashed in an instant, no one knowing whether he was dead or alive…

