Chapter 103 Activate
“Attack!”
Sounds of battle rose outside Great Zhou City, countless figures flooding over as Genesis Qi soared.
Wuung!
Innumerable bow strings were pulled back atop the city walls, followed by a flurry of arrows. The arrows were coated in a faint layer of Genesis Qi, causing their speed and sharpness to rise.
A rain of arrows descended, instantly taking countless lives.
War was basically the spilling of blood and the crushing of flesh.
Zhou Qing’s figure slowly rose above the main city gate. Scarlet-red Genesis Qi swirled around his body, forming a red cloud under his feet. He floated above the city wall, facing Qi Yuan who also stood in mid-air on his Genesis Qi.
Zhou Qing glanced down, the battle below flooding his vision as his fists involuntary clenched tightly. The killing intent in his eyes churned even more violently when he looked up again at Qi Yuan.
“Zhou Qing, why struggle so stubbornly. Ever since the Great Wu Empire was established, your Great Zhou Empire should no longer have any reason to continue existing. The only thing it ever does is stir up useless memories.”
“If you were smart enough, you would have brought the royal clan into hiding, giving yourselves a chance to preserve your lives. But you just had to keep dreaming of strengthening Great Zhou, a dream that will undoubtedly lead to your own destruction.”
“Does a low life traitor like you have the right to spout such words?” Zhou Qing’s tone was pure ice.
“Hehe, everything is dictated by the victor. If I win today, it will be written in the history books that I, Qi Yuan, followed the will of the heavens and eliminated a useless king, replacing Zhou with Qi!” Qi Yuan laughed loudly.
“I’m afraid that you don’t have the ability!”
Zhou Qing’s eyes turned steely as he boldly attacked. A fist flew, whizzing scarlet-red Genesis Qi blasting apart the air as a vicious strike was sent straight at Qi Yuan.
Qi Yuan’s sleeves flapped in response as yellow Genesis Qi unfurled. The sound of metal echoed from within as it smashed into the scarlet-red Genesis Qi.
Bang!
Two powerful blasts of Genesis Qi clashed, the resultant shockwaves wreaking havoc over the surroundings.
“Humph, Zhou Qing, I would not dare to make an enemy of you if you were at your peak, but what can now do against me now? Your power has fallen drastically, unable to advance ever since your arm was chopped off by king Wu.”
Zhou Qing was expressionless. Instead of rebutting, his hand made a grasping motion and a scarlet-red spear appeared within it. It was the high tier Black Genesis Weapon, the Nine Flames Spear.
Qi Yuan’s eyes narrowed when he saw this, not daring to waste any time as he quickly summoned a dark gold longsword. Light flickered on the sword that was also a high tier Black Genesis Weapon.
Qi Yuan was clearly fully prepared for the battle today.
Their gazes clashed, killing intent spewing forth.
Swish!
Two figures shot forth and brazenly collided in the air.
Northern city gate.
The Alpha-Origin expert, Wang Chaotian, stood in the sky on his Genesis Qi. The corners of his mouth lifted to form a mocking smile as he looked down at Zhou Yuan who was atop the city wall. “Is there really no one else left in Great Zhou? To think that they would actually send a little brat to defend the city.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes were void of any emotion as he stared at Wang Chaotian and said, “I heard that you used to be a minister of Great Zhou? How has your new master been treating you?”
The corners of Wang Chaotian’s eyes twitched slightly as the smile on his face turned ugly. There was a dark look in his eyes as he locked onto Zhou Yuan and slowly said, “I know you. You are Zhou Yuan right?”
“The prince of Great Zhou who was born with the blessings of the sacred dragon.”
Wang Chaotian’s eerie gaze remained on Zhou Yuan as he released a strange laugh, “Unfortunately, this sacred dragon blessing merely ended up as a bridal dowry. As such, you are no sacred dragon, but a fake crippled dragon.”
However, Zhou Yuan’s expression remained unchanged in the face of Wang Chaotian’s mockery. “It doesn’t matter of it’s a fake dragon or a crippled dragon, still better than a dead man.”
Ridicule rose from the corners of Wang Chaotian’s mouth. “This is the first time in all my many years that I’ve encountered a Qi Nourishing brat that actually dares to speak to me in such a manner.”
“It seems that you still believe that you are that chosen sacred dragon. Fine, I will let you understand the cruelness of reality today you delusional ignorant brat.”
As Wang Chaotian’s final word faded, dark cyan Genesis Qi poured out from the top of his head, spinning around his body like a cyan storm while an alarming pressure slowly spread.
“Attack the city!”
As he gave this command, the army below immediately flooded towards the city walls.
“Protect his highness!”
The three Heaven Gate experts at Zhou Yuan’s side hurriedly yelled.
However, Zhou Yuan extended a hand and stopped them. “You guys guard the city walls and make sure that no one ascends them. As for him, I will deal with it.”
The three Heaven Gate experts were somewhat hesitant but eventually nodded. They knew that even the three of them together would not be Wang Chaotian’s match.
What puzzled them however, was how a Qi Nourishing stage like Zhou Yuan going to fight an Alpha-Origin expert.
Wang Chaotian’s hands were crossed across his chest as he stared at Zhou Yuan with toying eyes. He too was very curious with regards to what the prince of Great Zhou, whom once possess the sacred dragon blessing, was going to do.
Under the attention of numerous gazes, Zhou Yuan slowly put the silver ring onto his finger.
In an instant, Zhou Yuan felt the entire world fall into silence. A warm feeling gushed out from the ring and headed straight into the spot between his brows.
Thump thump!
His Spirit began to tremble violently. Almost immediately after, an invisible pulse abruptly exploded from Zhou Yuan, causing the three nearby Heaven Gate experts to stagger backwards.
Light frantically flickered between Zhou Yuan’s brows. One could faintly see a figure emerge from within, slowly growing clearer and clearer, transforming from illusory to the corporeal.
“Forcibly raising the cultivation level of his Spirit?” Wang Chaotian’s eyebrows raised a little as he felt the sudden burst of power from Zhou Yuan’s Spirit. Though it was true that the Spirit had amazing uses, it was not that useful in a direct clash like this.
Wang Chaotian indifferently said, “If this is your trump card, I’m afraid that you will definitely die today.”
Zhou Yuan only responded with an icy glance, not retorting with a single word. His hand patted the Universe bag at his waist and a silver ball of light jumped out. Subsequently, his hand reached out and entered the ball.
“Silver Shadow, activate.”
In the wake of these ice-cold words, the silver ball instantly melted. Silver liquid swiftly flowed over, completely covering Zhou Yuan’s body in a short span of a few breaths.
Under those now shocked gazes, the silver liquid on Zhou Yuan’s body transformed into silver battle armor as a bloodthirsty aura was slowly set loose.

