Chapter 206 Entering a Sect
Six clouds of Genesis Qi hovered in the air. Six figures were seated on each one, powerful and vigorous Genesis Qi spreading from their bodies that intimidated and awed everyone in the area.
In the face of these six Divine Dwelling experts, the numerous geniuses were all extremely respectful, not daring to show a slightest hint of arrogance as they patiently waited.
Because they knew that these six practically had complete control over the futures of every genius here.
The six sacred sects were the strongest sects in Cangxuan Heaven. As long as one could enter and train inside, one’s future would be incomparable to staying behind in a continent like theirs. After all, the best resources and experts of Cangxuan Heaven were gathered in these six sects.
Hence, many people felt that even entering these six sects as an ordinary disciple would be better than being a genius in the Cangmang Continent.
Zhou Yuan’s gaze also looked towards the six envoys. He had already gained information about the six sacred sects In the Saint Remains Domain, and now knew that the bare-footed uncle was an envoy of the Cangxuan Sect.
As for the fair, clean-shaven Zhao Pan that looked like a dishonorable middle-aged man, he was the envoy of Sacred Palace.
The other four sects were the North Sea Dragon Subduing Hall, Sword Seeker Sect, Heavenly Ghost Sect and the Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace.
These four great sects were also very famous in Cangxuan Heaven, and were said to be behemoth like existences.
On one of the clouds, the Sacred Palace envoy, Zhao Pan, swept his cold gaze across the crowd. His gaze was akin to the edge of a blade, no one daring to meet it.
“Although you are the geniuses of the Cangmang Continent, it will not be so easy to enter our six sacred sects. You should know that there are millions of continents in Cangxuan Heaven, and the Cangmang Continent really doesn’t stick out amongst them.”
“The other continents also have all kinds of geniuses of uncountable numbers. Envoys from the six sacred sects have also been sent to these places to select disciples.”
“Therefore, do not feel so pleased with yourselves just because you performed somewhat decently in the Saint Remains Domain. If put amongst the entire younger generation of Cangxuan Heaven, none of you are anything special.”
Zhao Pan’s indifferent voice was akin to a basin of cold water, giving a cold awakening to numerous geniuses that had originally been under the impression that they had performed pretty well in the Saint Remains Domain.
Zhou Yuan also frowned slightly. He could feel that Zhao Pan’s frosty gaze seemed to pause on Zhou Yuan when he spoke, as if these words were directed at the former.
However, Zhou Yuan’s expression did not change, neither showing joy nor anger.
Luluo mumbled in a low voice, “How loathsome.”
Zuoqiu Qingyu glanced at Zhou Yuan and quietly said, “I managed to gather some information earlier. The one who saved Wu Huang’s Spirit was the Sacred Palace Envoy, Zhao Pan.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes widened a little as anger flitted across the depths of his eyes. So this fellow was the one who had ruined things.
If not for that, Zhou Yuan would have been able to kill Wu Huang’s Spirit in the Saint Remains Domain, bringing a clean end to the matter, unlike the current situation, where there were loose ends.
“Hehe, envoy Zhao Pan need not be so stern. I feel that there are some pretty good seedlings among these little ones. If we provide guidance and training for them, they may even become pillars that support the sect in the future.” While the numerous geniuses in the area were completely silent, a laugh suddenly rang out. If one turned to look, one would discover that the one who had spoken was the currently smiling envoy of the Cangxuan Sect, Mu Wuji.
“Alright, let’s not waste any more time. Begin the selection process.” The one who spoke this time was a man in white robes. His face was cold and stern, the Genesis Qi around him extremely sharp, while a sword lay across his lap.
He was the envoy of the Sword Seeker Sect.
“Those who managed to reach the Saint stairs may take a step forward.” A woman’s kind and gentle voice sounded. She wore palace robes on which an exquisite pattern of a hundred flowers could be seen. She was clearly the envoy from the Hundred Flowers Fairy Sect.
At the sound of her voice, a few dozen figures walked out from the crowd of geniuses. They were the group who had managed to reach the Saint stairs, and included Zhou Yuan, Yaoyao, Luluo and the rest.
What caused Zhou Yuan to be somewhat surprised however, was that Ye Ming was also present, though the other few were nowhere to be seen.
The six envoys suddenly moved as they gazed upon these three dozen or so geniuses. Genesis Qi swept forth, transforming into giant hands that barbarically grabbed several individuals and threw them onto the Genesis Qi clouds behind the envoys, not caring whether these geniuses were willing or not.
Soon, only a handful of figures were left.
They were Zhou Yuan, Yaoyao, Luluo and the other more outstanding geniuses.
“My Sword Seeker Sect lives for the sword, are you willing to join us?” The Sword Seeker Sect envoy first looked towards Li Chunjun, his voice much gentler, clearly pretty fond of the latter’s talent in the sword.
Li Chunjun gave a slight nod. “I’m willing.”
His original goal was the Sword Seeker Sect after all.
The other geniuses understood upon seeing this. The final few were the envoys’ focus, hence why they would even voluntarily ask for these individuals’ opinion. Unlike the previous geniuses that had been casually divided amongst the envoys without caring about what they thought.
Even so, numerous geniuses were still overflowing with envy. After all, they did not even have the qualifications to be casually divided by the envoys.
The spooky looking man in black robes looked towards Zhen Xu and said, “The King Yama Sect you previously cultivated at was founded by someone who was once an envoy of the Heavenly Ghost Sect. Are you willing to enter the Heavenly Ghost Sect?”
Zhen Xu respectfully nodded.
“These two little lasses are not bad. Why not both of you join the Hundred Flowers Fairy Palace?” The beautiful woman smiled as she looked towards Luluo and Zuoqiu Qingyu.
Luluo and Zuoqiu Qingyu exchanged a look. After seeing that none of the other envoys were going to say anything, they gracefully bowed to the beautiful woman.
The beautiful woman smiled faintly, before she cast her gaze towards Zhou Yuan’s side at Yaoyao and said, “I really like this little girl too…”
Although Yaoyao barely had any Genesis Qi, the beautiful woman could see that the former’s Spirit was extremely powerful. If she were to focus solely on Spirit cultivation, her future accomplishments may be pretty amazing too.
Mu Wuji coughed and said, “*Cough*, envoy Shang Yu, I believe two is enough.”
The other envoys nodded. The main reason why they had allowed the Hundred Flower Fairy Palace to take two was because they could not be bothered to compete with a women. After all, the Hundred Flower Fairy Palace was rather unique, only accepting female disciples.
Upon seeing the other envoys’ objections, the beautiful woman could Shang Yu could only regretfully shake her head.
The next one was Ning Zhan who entered the North Sea Dragon Subduing Hall.
At this moment, the Sacred Palace envoy, Zhao Pan, suddenly looked towards Ye Ming and said in an indifferent voice, “Ye Ming, you should enter my Sacred Palace.”
The numerous geniuses in the area began to stir, everyone feeling rather discontent. After all, Ye Ming was from the Dongxuan Continent, and it already felt against rules for them to come here to participate in the Cangmang Continent. They never expected that he would still gain the attention of the Sacred Palace envoy.
However, Zhao Pan did not even give them a single glance, merely looking at Ye Ming.
Ye Ming hesitated slightly, but ultimately nodded his head. Sacred Palace was on the rapid rise in Cangxuan Heaven, and entering it to train was definitely an excellent choice.
Mu Wuji breathed out smoke, smiling as he glanced at Zhou Yuan, before speaking towards Yaoyao beside him, “Are you willing to enter my Cangxuan Sect?”
Yaoyao nonchalantly nodded.
As such, only Zhou Yuan was left...
Every gaze in the area looked over. Everyone knew that Zhou Yuan was the most outstanding in this batch’s Saint Remains Domain.
Sure enough, Mu Wuji smiled and said, “Zhou Yuan, as the only one to reach the peak of Saint mountain in this batch’s Saint Remains Domain, you may choose to join any sect you wish.”
The world around fell silent, waiting for Zhou Yuan’s answer.
But just as Zhou Yuan was about to speak, the Sacred Palace envoy, Zhao Pan, suddenly intercepted, “Zhou Yuan, if you enter my Sacred Palace, we will let you off for killing Wu Huang’s physical body.”
“Moreover, you should know that my Sacred Palace is currently the strongest sect in Cangxuan Heaven. Once you enter, you will naturally receive guidance and tutelage.
Zhao Pan looked down from above at Zhou Yuan, his tone appearing rather proud. From what he could see, he had already given Zhou Yuan enough face, and even offered the latter an olive branch. If Zhou Yuan had any brains, he should know what to choose.
The truth was that Zhao Pan had spoken these words not because he thought highly of Zhou Yuan. After all, it was only a selection from geniuses of a tiny Cangmang Continent. The reason why he had given this offer was because he knew that Zhou Yuan was very important to Mu Wuji. The former just had to stir up a little trouble to make things difficult for Mu Wuji.
Sure enough, Mu Wuji’s expression immediately turned rather ugly as he glared at Zhao Pan.
“Heh, let him off? It’s his fault for not being good enough and getting his physical body killed. Just who do you intend to not let off?” Mu Wuji sneered.
Zhao Pan ignored him, merely continuing to look down at Zhou Yuan.
Gaze after gaze all turned towards Zhou Yuan.
Under the watching eyes of the crowd, Zhou Yuan chuckled and lifted his head to look at Zhao Pan. “I appreciate envoy’s thoughtfulness, but Sacred Palace’s requirements are too high, and I’m afraid that I won’t be able to reach them.”
After finishing, he looked towards Mu Wuji and said, “I wish to join the Cangxuan Sect.”
His voice echoed across the area.
Zhao Pan’s expression instantly turned dark and cold, fury appearing in his eyes. A split second later, he suddenly took a step forward as berserk Genesis Qi pressure swept towards Zhou Yuan.
“Unappreciative thing!”
“Since that is so, let’s have a chat about the matter of killing Wu Huang’s physical body!”
His chilling voice rang out across the area.

