Chapter 144 The Third Rune
Roar!
Deep in the mountains.
A golden ape roared as it hammered its chest, creating a thunderous din. Berserk Genesis Qi exploded from its body, shaking the surrounding space.
It eyes fell upon Zhou Yuan as it suddenly shot forward with a sudden stamp of its foot. It appeared above Zhou Yuan in an instant, giant fists hammering downwards with power so wild that even cracks began to appear on the ground below.
Zhou Yuan did not dare to be negligent in the face of the golden ape’s incoming attack. The big guy’s strength had reached the advance Heaven Gate stage, plus it had a strong physical body, traits that made it a pretty tough opponent.
“Dragon Tablet Hand, break the sky!”
Zhou Yuan’s hand was swung, heavy as can be. The howling palm winds that accompanied it blasting away the air.
This attack of his was similarly ferocious to the extreme.
Boom!
The two forces collided in the most violent manner. Berserk Genesis Qi shockwaves immediately unfurled upon impact, causing cracks to extend along the ground, while towering tree after tree was snapped at their waist.
Countless falling leaves were instantly turned to dust.
Roar!
The golden ape’s titanic body jerked, before being sent flying backwards, crashing into a cliff wall as it let out a painful yelp.
Zhou Yuan’s body was also forced a dozen steps back, but what made his face turn a little grave, however, was the strange force contained within the Genesis Qi of the golden ape’s attack that had stealthily exploded when they came into contact.
He had suffered when they clashed earlier, the stealthy explosion making the Qi and blood in his body churn.
“The force should be from some kind of Genesis technique…” There was amazement in Zhou Yuan’s eyes. He could sense that the reason why a mysterious force was hidden within the golden ape’s attack was because it knew a particular Genesis technique.
“Interesting.”
Zhou Yuan laughed as his body rocketed forward. The Heavenly Yuan Brush in his hand turning into numerous after images that filled the sky and began to engulf the golden ape.
Ch ch!
The images descended, piercing the golden ape’s defences, carving bloody scar after scar on its giant body.
Roar!
The golden ape roared madly, and suddenly slammed its heavy fists into the ground. A wave of Genesis Qi immediately unfurled, shattering all of the brush images.
Zhou Yuan’s body drifted backwards. He looked at the now crazed ape as he suddenly extended a finger and lightly pointed.
The golden ape’s body abruptly froze. Soon after, it wailed. One could only watch as glowing snow-white hairs suddenly shot out of its body.
The interior of its body had been completely destroyed by the invading hairs, instantly wiping out its lifeforce.
Heavenly Yuan Brush, Erode.
The brush tip shook as the hairs returned like birds to the woods. A Genesis Beast like this was blessed with raw physical strength, but it lacked intelligence. This was why it had been unable to sense the invasion of the hairs.
As the golden ape died, a thick stream of white rose from its body. The mist parted into two like before, pouring into Zhou Yuan and the Heavenly Yuan Brush.
A smile emerged on Zhou Yuan’s face as he felt the increasingly bountiful Genesis Qi in his Qi Dwelling.
Zhou Yuan mumbled to himself, “I am already at the peak of the advance Qi Nourishing stage. Only a single step separates me from the Heaven Gate stage.”
“Eh?”
While Zhou Yuan was delighted by the steady rise in his strength, he suddenly discovered that besides the stream of white Qi, a glowing ball had also risen from the golden ape’s corpse.
Zhou Yuan quickly walked forward while staring at the glowing ball, only to realise that it was a jade strip.
Astonishment filled his face as he carefully grabbed the jade tile. The moment he did so, a surge of information instantly rushed into his head.
“Mid grade Black tier Genesis technique, Yuan Explosive Force. An explosive force can be melded into one’s Genesis Qi attacks, amplifying its power.”
Zhou Yuan was stupefied. He finally understood. The explosive force contained within the golden ape’s Genesis Qi from earlier had originated from this technique, Yuan Explosive Force!
“How can a Genesis Beast learn a Genesis technique? And the Genesis technique it knows can even become a jade strip after its death?!”
Zhou Yuan was dumbfounded for a long time, eventually shaking his head with a bitter smile. The reason behind all of this was likely somehow related to the Saint Remains Domain.
This place was created from the blood of a Saint, and that same blood contained the various Genesis techniques he had mastered over his lifetime. The Genesis Beasts here had likely inherited these Genesis techniques at birth.
After killing these Genesis Beasts, the techniques they knew would emerge in the form of a jade tile.
A rush of excitement bubbled in Zhou Yuan’s heart. He may not know what level a Saint was at, but it was clearly an unimaginable existence. The Genesis techniques in the arsenal of such an existence was absolutely not limited to mere Black tier ones, there were likely little Heaven tier and even true Heaven tier Genesis techniques!
“Which means, there may be Genesis Beasts that possesses little Heaven tier or even Heaven tier Genesis techniques in the Saint Remains Domain!” A burning radiance blossomed in Zhou Yuan’s eyes.
At the Saint Remains City auction, a little Heaven Genesis technique had been sold at an astronomical price of several million Genesis crystals. Zhou Yuan may not be able to afford it back then, but he now had the chance to obtain something similar here.
He would be able to obtain one as long as he could find and kill a Genesis Beast that knew a little Heaven Genesis technique.
However, Zhou Yuan estimated that given a Genesis Beast with a mid grade Black tier Genesis technique was already comparable to the advance Heaven Gate stage, a Genesis Beast that knew a little Heaven tier technique would very likely reach grade 4, an existence comparable to the Alpha-Origin.
One would likely need a meticulous plan to kill such a Genesis Beast.
Zhou Yuan tossed and caught the jade tile as he said to himself, “Although this Yuan Explosive Force technique is only at the mid grade Black tier, it can amplify the power of my Genesis Qi so I should probably learn it.”
Although its level was not that high, a Genesis technique like this that could amplify the power of one’s Genesis Qi was definitely not cheap. According to Zhou Yuan’s estimate, even high grade Black tier attack type Genesis techniques would not be more expensive than it.
“Oh?”
Zhou Yuan’s gaze suddenly turned towards the Heavenly Yuan Brush in his hand. The brush that had fallen silent after absorbing the white Qi from the golden ape earlier had suddenly began to shake.
Light began to blossom on its mottled body. Zhou Yuan watched in surprise as the dim third rune on the brush began to brighten bit by bit.
The third Genesis Rune was awakening.
Joy flooded out in Zhou Yuan’s eyes. What he currently needed the most was to raise his battle power, and the awakening of this third rune would undoubtedly be akin to giving wings to a tiger.
“I wonder what power the third rune possess.”
Zhou Yuan curiously reached out and gently touched the ancient third rune. At the moment of contact, information quietly flowed into his head.
Heavenly Yuan Brush, third rune, Myriad Transformations.

