Chapter 126 Escaping Unscathed
The black mist faded from the Spirit Devouring Tower.
Numerous figures blankly stared at their surroundings, evidently still in the dark about what had happened. However, the battle between Yaoyao’s side and the Gu clan was quickly noticed by several individuals, making them start to realise that something was wrong.
Yaoyao’s gaze took one quick sweep around the area. Her Spirit began to flicker as a voice suddenly rang out in everyone’s ears.
“This is no Spirit Refining Tower but a Spirit Devouring Tower. If you do not want your Spirit to be completely devoured and be used for the Gu clan’s cultivation, leave quickly!”
The moment these words were heard, the expression of countless people turned aghast with horror.
“What? Not a Spirit Refining Tower but a Spirit Devouring Tower?”
“But why do I feel that my Spirit cultivation has improved?”
“EH? Someone died here? Why is his Spirit gone?!”
“Just what exactly happened here?!”
“......”
Cries of alarm rang out one after another. Although Yaoyao’s words were shocking, there were still some who felt that something was fishy about the situation and began to withdraw one by one with the intent of leaving the tower.
“Little bitch!”
Upon seeing this, Gu Qiu was so infuriated that his eyes turned red. News would definitely spread once these people left. When that happened, information of how the Gu clan had been strengthening their Spirit would surely be leaked. One could easily imagine what a devastating blow this would be to the prestige of the Gu clan, and how it would even create numerous enemies for them.
In his rage, Gu Qiu icily commanded, “Call everyone here. I will make them pay today!”
One of the elders immediately nodded and retrieved a black whistle. A peculiar sound spread, instantly notifying every expert of the Gu clan, causing them to hurriedly flood towards the Spirit Devouring Tower.
“Spirit Link!”
Gu Qiu’s eyes were cold and ruthless as he looked towards the two elders.
The two elders hesitated for a moment. Spirit Link was a secret technique of their Gu clan that gathered the Spirits of several people to perform combined attacks. However, the repercussions were not small, and negligence would lead to hurting one’s Spirit.
However, they quickly nodded in acknowledgement, swiftly appearing behind Gu Qiu and placing their hands on his shoulders. Their Spirits flickered between their brows as Spirit energy flooded into Gu Qiu’s body.
Light began to rise from between Gu Qiu’s brows, his Spirit power rapidly rising.
Rumble!
An invisible ripple swept outwards. Although not as striking as Genesis Qi, invisible Spirit attacks could take one’s life without drawing a single drop of blood.
Roar!
Tuntun’s and the ice bird’s titanic bodies jerked back as they howled, their Beast Spirits affected by the invisible ripple. Vigilance immediately surfaced within their eyes. Though their bodies were tough, Spirit waves could ignore the body and directly attack their Spirits.
Yaoyao’s Spirit flickered as she extended a hand. “Spirit shield!”
A transparent shield of light appeared in front of here, blocking the Spirit wave. However, the surface of the shield rippled violently, a clear indicator that it would not last for long.
The gathered power of three Spirits had greatly amplified Gu Qiu’s Spirit cultivation.
“Big sis, things aren’t looking good.” Said Luluo in a soft voice. This was after all the Gu clan’s territory, and many experts were rushing over each second. If they were surrounded, the situation would become extremely dire.
Yaoyao gave a slight nod and said, “Prepare to break out.”
Their goal had already been reached. There was no need to waste any more time here.
Upon hearing this, a clear whistle immediately rang out from Luluo’s mouth. The ice bird called Little Frost flapped its wings and flew towards her as her tiny body leaped into the air and landed on its back.
Tuntun also arrived on scarlet Qi and Yaoyao landed on its back.
At the same time, Zhou Yuan bolted over from far away. With a stamp of his foot, his soared into the air and landed behind Yaoyao, his hands naturally reaching out to embrace the slender waist in front of him.
The instant he came into contact with Yaoyao’s waist, Zhou Yuan felt her body stiffen for a split second, before she turned her head shot him a half bashful half angry glare. An extremely rarely seen blush had appeared on her white as jade like face.
Zhou Yuan awkwardly raised his hands and said, “There’s nowhere else to put them.”
Yaoyao softly snorted. She knew that this was not the place to dish out some punishment. With a wave of her hand, Tuntun transformed into a flash of scarlet that shot out of the tower.
“Where do you think you’re going?!”
Roared Gu Qiu when he saw this. The Gu clan’s plans had been ruined by the Zhou Yuan trio, and the following days will not be easy for them. Allowing the troublemakers to escape would likely cause him to die in anger.
Light flashed between Gu Qiu’s brows as an almost fully corporeal Spirit appeared above his head. The Spirit was as tall as Gu Qiu and transformed into a translucent blur that rocketed towards Zhou Yuan, Yaoyao and Tuntun at an incredibly fast speed.
Zhou Yuan’s expression immediately changed at the sight of this scene. He could sense how powerful Gu Qiu’s Spirit was. If they were hit, Zhou Yuan’s Spirit would surely be gravely injured.
At this moment however, Yaoyao swung her hand and several dazzling objects shot out from her sleeve, transforming into numerous scrolls on which complicated runes began to appear.
Boom boom boom!
The scrolls exploded, each clearly a grade 4 Genesis Rune.
Berserk energies engulfed the area, blowing away Gu Qiu’s Spirit.
Tuntun took this split second opportunity to burst forward, charging out of the black tower and right into the horizon in a few breaths.
“Stop them!”
Outside the tower, the many waiting Gu clan experts attacked. Pillar after pillar of Genesis Qi seemed to cover the sky as they closed in on Tuntun.
Roar!
Tuntun merely roared in the face of these attacks and opened its mouth. Black light surged like a black hole, swallowing every single one of the attacks.
The Gu Qiu trio finally arrived outside of the tower, but could only watch in frustration as the silhouettes of the two Genesis Beasts rapidly shrank into the distance. There was no longer any hope of catching up.
“Haha, I’ll be helping you keep this treasure of yours so as to prevent any further victims.” While they left, Zhou Yuan turned his head, swinging the black crystal ball in his hand as his hearty laughter echoed across the area.
Gu Qiu’s eyes nearly popped out of their sockets as he howled, “Little thief, put down my Gu clan’s supreme treasure!”
The Gu clan had been able to specialize in Genesis Runes due to the existence of the black crystal ball. Once it was gone, it was hard to imagine how great of a loss it would be.
However, Zhou Yuan ignored his howls. The two Genesis Beasts swiftly disappeared into the horizon, leaving behind the scattered mess that remained of the Gu clan.
Urgh!
As Gu Qiu watched them leave, he could no longer contain his anger and vomited a mouthful of blood.
He pulled one of the elders to him and said in a voice dripping with bitter resentment, “Send news of what happened to Gu Ling. Tell her that her brother has been killed and the murderers are likely headed for the Saint Remains Domain.”
“As the prided genius of the Black Yin Sect, she must kill that piece of trash and take back our Gu clan’s supreme treasure!”
Towards the end, his voice had practically become a hiss.

