Chapter 236 Sensational
The events that had occurred by the creek in the mountain spread as if it had wings, stirring up the entire outer mountains into a frenzy.
First of all, everyone was amazed and astonished by the strength Zhou Yuan had displayed. A single individual mowing down Zhu Feng and other first class disciples? How strong did one needed to be to achieve such a feat?
One must know that Zhou Yuan was currently still at the first layer Alpha-Origin.
The previous ten great outer mountain disciples had not even taken Zhou Yuan in to consideration. After all, many felt that although he had overwhelmed Han Shan, it had only proven that he was qualified to be a first class disciple.
On the other hand, these ten great outer mountain disciples were supposed to be the finest even amongst all the first class disciples, so Zhou Yuan clearly did not have the qualifications to enter their ranks.
However, no one had expected someone who supposedly did not have the qualifications to turn out to be such a fierce individual.
Taking on an entire group alone that even included three first class disciples, and achieving an almost effortless victory. This was something that only a few of the current ten great outer mountain disciples could accomplish.
Hence, the strength displayed by Zhou Yuan once again made all of the outer mountain disciples exclaim in admiration.
However, these feelings only lasted for a moment before being completely swept away by another piece of news...
What else could it be but Zhou Yuan’s offer to teach disciples the Ethereal Form technique.
News of this immediately caused even bigger waves in the outer mountains. Every disciple was dumbstruck upon hearing it, because it was something that had never been done before. How could an outer mountain disciple have the qualifications to teach other outer mountain disciples?
“What a joke, he’s an outer mountain disciple just like us and yet he dares to claim he can teach the Ethereal Form technique? This is too laughable.”
“But I’ve heard that Zhou Yuan’s Ethereal Form technique has already reached the first level. That’s why Zhu Feng and gang were defeated without even touching his clothes once.”
“That can’t be, right? How long as it been since he started learning the Ethereal Form technique? In fact, I personally witnessed him renting it out just recently.”
“Even Gu Hongyi is learning from him. I heard that she unblocked over 20 apertures in a short few days…”
“Could he really be so capable?”
“Tch, Gu Hongyi is super talented, so it’s not surprising for her to master it so quickly. Zhou Yuan is most likely boasting by taking credit for her success.”
“I feel that we have to carefully consider this matter. Zhou Yuan may be trying to scam Genesis jade…”
“......”
Similar opinions could be heard in every corner of the outer mountains, many debating whether Zhou Yuan had the qualifications to teach other disciples the Ethereal Form technique...
However, the majority were skeptical. After all, none of them were willing to believe that another outer mountain disciple would so greatly surpass them.
Because it would only make them feel ashamed of their inferiority.
...
Hidden Scriptures House, rear mountain.
The atmosphere in Zhu Yue’s lecture hall was somewhat oppressive. Numerous disciples were secretly whispering, evidently affected by the news. After all, the claims Zhou Yuan had made were rather shocking.
The doors to the lecture hall were pushed open as an indifferent looking Zhu Yue walked in, causing every whisper to instantly vanish.
Zhu Yue nonchalantly said, “I know that all of you have heard the news. If anyone wants to go over, feel free to leave.”
None of the disciples present dared to make any noise. Zhu Yue was after all an inner mountain disciple, and it would not be good to offend him.
Zhu Yue’s expression finally softened a little when he saw this. “Zhou Yuan does have his way with words, but he should be careful of eating more than his fill. Even if he was able to reach the first level of the Ethereal Form technique in a month, it does not mean that he can help anyone else do so.”
“But junior sister Hongyi is said to have already unblocked over 20 apertures.” Said someone in a low voice.
Ridicule rose from the corners of Zhu Yue’s mouth. “Gu Hongyi has astonishing talent, and the old ancestor of her family is the master of the Hongya Peak. He will have naturally given her some amazing treasures to aid her in mastering the Ethereal Form technique.”
“In fact, I’m of the opinion that Zhou Yuan may have been so fast because he managed to bask some of Gu Hongyi’s light.”
“He is an exceptionally devious, cunning and scheming person, as shown by how he approached Gu Hongyi and somehow gained her favor. However, he is far too arrogant. I’m looking forward to see how he will wrap this matter up after making such bold claims.”
Zhu Yue’s tone grew increasingly disdainful as he spoke.
In the lecture hall, the disciples nodded inside as they listened, feeling that his words were not without logic. After all, they would rather believe Zhou Yuan had benefited from Gu Hongyi rather than succeeding through his own capabilities.
Zhu Yue’s explanation eased the expressions of the disciples present as they began to make fun of Zhou Yuan.
The sight of this made Zhu Yue chuckle softly as he began to speak once again, “Zhou Yuan really silly and arrogant to have made such claims. It would be fine if he can truly fulfil his promises, but if he can’t, I will have no choice but to report this to the Law Enforcement Hall. When that happens, Zhou Yuan will likely be kicked out of the outer mountains.”
Everyone’s heart shivered as they secretly sighed in pity for Zhou Yuan. It could be said that he was going to bring about his own downfall this time.
From Zhu Yue’s tone, he clearly held a deep grudge against Zhou Yuan and would not let this matter rest.
...
It was still the same creek in the mountain.
However, the usually tranquil mountain creek had now become the most popular location in the outer mountains. Black masses of people stood on both sides of the creek, their gazes filled with interest as they gazed down at the creek below where Zhou Yuan was standing on a rock, his expression cool and collected.
Shen Wanjin said from Zhou Yuan’s side, “Little Yuan bro, we’ve already spread the news, but very few people believe us. Especially those Shengzhou disciples, all they do is mock.”
Zhou Yuan nodded, unsurprised by this information. The Shengzhou disciples were extremely arrogant after all, and looked down upon the disciples from the other continents. They would naturally be unwilling to believe a Cangmang disciple like him would be able to do something that was impossible for them.
As the saying went, every beginning is always difficult, so Zhou Yuan was mentally prepared for this.
He lifted his head and shot a glance at both sides of the creek. These people were here for entertainment, not to learn the Ethereal Form technique.
“Little Yuan bro, Zhu Yue has made known that if you do not fulfil your promises, he will report this matter to the Law Enforcement Hall, and get you convicted.” Shen Wanjin was pretty worried.
“Let him do what he wants.”
Zhou Yuan nodded, showing no concern for this issue.
“Haha, junior brother Zhou Yuan, we’ve come to cheer you on.” Laughter was heard at this moment as Qiao Xiu led a dozen figures to towards the creek. Included in the group behind him were Xiao Tianxuan and several other Cangmang disciples.
They obviously knew that the starting would be the most awkward for Zhou Yuan, and had come here to make up the numbers.
However, with the exception of Qiao Xiu, most of the group were still rather doubtful. They only did not openly show it.
They had agreed to follow mostly on account of Qiao Xiu.
Laughter began to spread from both sides of the creek, evidently of the opinion that it was pretty embarrassing for Zhou Yuan to resort to such measures...
“Senior brother Qiao Xiu, is this really going to work? I feel like we’re clowns.” Beside Qiao Xiu stood a pretty girl in a long dark blue skirt. She was called Zhou Yu, and was also a pretty prideful first class disciple.
At this current moment, she was feeling a little uncomfortable under the many mocking gazes in the vicinity. Hence her earlier grumbling.
Evidently, she too did not believe that Zhou Yuan was able to teach the Ethereal Form technique.
Qiao Xiu smiled awkwardly when he heard this, somewhat uncertain as he answered, “It should work out.”
Zhou Yu unhappily rolled her eyes. “Senior brother Qiao Xiu, you’re too good hearted.”
“Senior sister Zhou Yu, brother Yuan would only make such a claim because he is confident.” Said a girl called Shuixi in a soft voice. As someone who was also from the Cangmang Continent, she would naturally side with Zhou Yuan.
“I hope so, or he will not be able to deal with the consequences.” Zhou Yu crossed her arms, declining to express any further opinions.
While they were chatting, Zhou Yuan looked over. He knew that everyone would be doubtful, but he did not intend to convince them with words. Everything would be shown through facts.
With so many people watching, he would make good use of this chance to show them the truth.
“Let’s begin.”
Every gaze in the vicinity of the mountain creek converged towards him when they heard him speak.
Most of these gazes, however, were filled with doubt and ridicule.

