Chapter 503 Appeal for Aid
The cooling night enveloped the land like a layer of gauze.
When Yaoyao returned to the cave dwelling from Spirit Rune Peak, she saw a sumptuous meal laid on the stone table in the cave. With a glance, she discovered that they were all light dishes, which just so happened to be the ones she liked.
By the tableside, Zhou Yuan was smiling as he looked at her and politely said, “You’re back at last big sis Yaoyao. Quick, come and have a seat.”
Yaoyao cast a puzzled glance at him as she elegantly seated herself. “Suddenly fawning me for no reason, what do you want?”
An awkward expression was immediately revealed on Zhou Yuan’s face. “Come on, you make me sound so pragmatic.”
However, Yaoyao ignored him. She picked up a pair of chopsticks and casually sampled a dash. Her red lips gleamed a little, making her even more enchanting as a lazy voice sounded from her mouth, “So you’re really not going to ask for any favors?”
Zhou Yuan coughed softly and said, “Is big sis Yaoyao interested in the Genesis reservoir ceremony?”
Baili Che had come today to declare that Sword Cometh Peak was going to vent their frustrations on Saint Genesis Peak, and someone like Zhou Yuan was naturally not going to easily yield, or let them have their way.
Since both sides had burned the bridge between them, Sword Cometh Peak was definitely going to do something during the Genesis reservoir ceremony that would make life difficult for Saint Genesis Peak.
As the new chief disciple of Saint Genesis Peak, if Zhou Yuan failed to guarantee some benefits for the disciples in the ceremony, many of them would undoubtedly become very disappointed, and may even begin to have doubts about their new chief disciple.
Zhou Yuan naturally did not feel much attachment to the position of chief disciple, but this did not mean that he would allow Sword Cometh Peak to have their way.
Although Zhou Yuan was very unyielding, he had to face reality. Saint Genesis Peak was indeed too weak.
A mere two factions was not even a tenth other peaks.
Moreover, Saint Genesis Peak only had a single chief disciple to represent them, and no Chosen at all.
As such, their top tier power was extremely frail.
Hence, if Zhou Yuan did not wish for Saint Genesis Peak to perform too badly in the Genesis reservoir ceremony, he needed to bolster the forces on his side. After mulling over it, he came to the conclusion that there was no power that was more dependable than Yaoyao.
Although the base of their power was still too weak, as long as he could pull Yaoyao into the ceremony, he would no longer have to fear the other party’s Chosens, which would be a huge worry off his mind.
“So this is what it’s about.” Yaoyao seemed to smile as she glanced at Zhou Yuan.
The truth was that she had already heard wind of this in Spirit Rune Peak today. Everyone could clearly feel the resentment oozing from Sword Cometh Peak at this time, and yet Shen Taiyuan still chose to chase Lu Hong’s faction out of Saint Genesis Peak. This was undoubtedly akin to pouring oil into the fire.
The Genesis reservoir ceremony was essentially a competition between the various peaks. Thus, Sword Cometh Peak was sure to make good use of the opportunity to teach Saint Genesis Peak a painful lesson, and release some of the bitter feelings bottled up inside.
Even if peak master Ling Jun heard of this matter, though he would not openly show his support, he would definitely not chide them for it, which was basically a form of silent approval.
It was obvious that peak master Ling Jun was also angry due to the recent events.
Since the other peak masters had eaten up a portion of Sword Cometh Peak’s resources, they would naturally close one eye towards this matter. Hence, it would be very difficult for the allyless Saint Genesis Peak to escape being taught a lesson by Sword Cometh Peak.
Zhou Yuan nodded as he looked towards Yaoyao with expectant eyes.
Yaoyao merely continued slowly chewing her food. Soon after, a slight smile emerged on her face as she said, “I’m not very interested in the Genesis reservoir ceremony.”
Given her character, it was clear that she would prefer holing herself up in the Spirit Rune Hall or the cave dwelling to study Genesis Runes. As for the Genesis reservoir ceremony where the various peaks would be competing, it would certainly be a very chaotic and troublesome affair.
Zhou Yuan’s face turned rigid as a miserable look appeared. If Yaoyao did not wish to participate, it would really be quite a headache for him.
Yaoyao did not even look at Zhou Yuan as she continued to eat tiny mouthful after mouthful. A long while later, she finally put down her chopsticks in satisfaction and stood up, the corners of her lips curled a little, when she finally looked at the distressed Zhou Yuan.
“Although I’ve no interest in the Genesis reservoir ceremony, on account that you didn’t choose to move to a new cave dwelling previously, I will reluctantly make a trip down to the reservoir.”
Upon hearing this, Zhou Yuan’s head immediately snapped up in happiness. “Really?”
Yaoyao teased, “What choice do I have? If I don’t go, you’ll likely become all mopey after being bullied by those two Chosens from Sword Cometh Peak.”
Zhou Yuans’ face turned black. “Do you think I’m afraid of them?”
At such a time, he could not admit defeat even if he had to put up an act.
But his rationality told him that there was indeed a gap between his current self and the Chosens.
Yaoyao did not expose Zhou Yuan’s tough act. She slowly walked to the stream under the peach tree and sat down on the simple swing hanging from one of its branches. As she gently swayed back and forth, she said, “Even if I participate, I’ll only be able to deal with those two Chosens from Sword Cometh Peak. This will not be enough to make up for the weak base of Saint Genesis Peak, so the final outcome will still depend on your abilities.”
“At the very least… the chief disciple from Sword Cometh Peak will be a formidable adversary for you. To have fought his way through the many geniuses of Sword Cometh Peak and won the chief disciple position, Baili Che is no simple individual.”
Zhou Yuan nodded with a serious expression. Though he held no fondness towards Baili Che’s arrogant attitude, he had to admit that the latter possessed the qualifications to back it up. Although Yuan Hong used to be ranked quite high in Sword Cometh Peak, there was undoubtedly still a gap between him and Baili Che.
Therefore, in Baili Che’s view, a chief disciple like Zhou Yuan, who had won his position by defeating Yuan Hong, was not a huge threat.
“It’s a pity the Genesis reservoir is a body of water, or I will have been itching to try out the Earth Saint Rune.” Said Zhou Yuan in a regretful manner.
He had already given the Earth Saint Rune a spin over the past few days. It could absorb the Genesis Qi within the earth to augment his physical abilities, a domineering, forceful and straightforward power.
However, the rune had its limits. It could only bring out its full capabilities with the right terrain.
In the Genesis reservoir which contained only a few small islands, the Earth Saint Rune’s power would be greatly diminished.
The extent of the Saint Rune’s powers were immeasurable, and limited only by their user. If Zhou Yuan grew stronger in the future, he may be able to overcome the problem of terrain, but at this current point in time, he was clearly far from being able to do so.
Without this powerful card, Zhou Yuan’s battle power was undoubtedly much weaker.
“Looks like you’ll have to think of some way to raise your strength during these next two months. Though Baili Che seems arrogant, he is no fool, and will definitely be well prepared for the Genesis reservoir ceremony.” Cautioned Yaoyao.
Zhou Yuan nodded. After some consideration, his mind sent out a thought, and a transparent jade bottle appeared in his hand. A golden glow shined from the bottle, as light seemed to flow within it.
It was the remnants of the golden sun that had been smashed to pieces by the divine grindstone brand during the trial.
Zhou Yuan did not recognize the contents in the bottle, and thus did not dare to absorb it. This was the perfect opportunity for him to let Yaoyao have a look.
Yaoyao received the bottle as surprise flashed across her face. She pondered for a brief moment, before she said, “This should be the rumored Spirit Refining Saliva, a strange but rare item that is a great supplement for the Spirit.”
“On the outside, a single drop can create a giant commotion. How did you manage to get so much of it…”
Joy faintly flashed across Zhou Yuan’s face. “Will it allow my Spirit to reach the advanced Corporeal stage?”
“Of course.” A small smile rose on Yaoyao’s face. “However, it’s extremely tyrannical in nature and needs to first be modulated before consumption. I will handle the process for you.”
“If I succeed, you will only require one third of it to achieve a breakthrough.”
“As for the rest…”
She placed the bottle into the sleeve and looked towards Zhou Yuan as she slowly said, “I’ll take it as a respectful gift for me.”
Zhou Yuan helplessly grinned. However, there were no feelings of unwillingness. He was satisfied as long as he could reach the advanced Corporeal stage, and he knew that someone like Yaoyao would not seize it for no reason, so it likely had use to her.”
Phew.
Zhou Yuan let out a tiny sigh. Once he reached the advanced Corporeal stage, what would he have to fear from Baili Che?
Of course, this did not mean that he could relax. During the next two months, he planned to begin taking a dive into the recently obtained Omega Saint Spirit Art...
If he could master this technique, Baili Che would not be able to create even a tiny splash.

