Chapter 227 Retribution
After leaving the rear mountain, Zhou Yuan’s expression was still somewhat gloomy. He had not expected such a coincidence to occur. To think that the instructor he encountered would be Zhu Feng’s elder brother...
Looks like Gu Hongyi had meant well when she tried to warn him earlier. She was just a little too proud, and had not fully explained everything.
“I refuse to believe that I will be unable to learn the technique without an instructor.”
Zhou Yuan grasped the jade strip as his eyes hardened. It was indeed not a simple task to learn a little Heaven Genesis technique, but he did not believe he would really be unable to learn it without any guidance. In the worst case scenario, he would just have to waste a little more time.
Even though he said so, Zhu Yue had really ruined his mood today.
Zhou Yuan was in a slightly foul mood as he left the rear mountain and returned to his little house.
On the balcony of the little house, Yaoyao lazily soaked in the warm rays of the sun as she casually flipped through an ancient book. Her perfect side face view glowed like jade, while her fine black hair seemed to spill down, a sight so beautiful that it would shake anyone’s heart.
When Zhou Yuan saw this scene, the last traces of the bad mood he was in stealthily disappeared.
Yaoyao seemed to sense something and tilted her head as she inquired in a rather lazy tone, “What is it?”
Zhou Yuan sat down beside her, breathing in the light fragrance of the young lady beside him as he somewhat helpless explained what had happened today.
Yaoyao attentively listened, her bright eyes narrowing slightly, making it impossible for anyone to tell what she was feeling. Only after he was finished did she say in a clear voice, “A mere inner mountain disciple will at best have an elementary mastery of the Ethereal Form technique. How can he possibly have the qualifications to master it completely. If you had chosen to stay, it would only have been a waste of Genesis jade.”
“Those Genesis jade would be better off used to improve Tuntun’s meals.”
By the side, Tuntun immediately barked in excitement when it heard this, its eyes shining brightly.
“You were pretty good today, I’ll bring you to Hundred Fragrances House later on.” Zhou Yuan chuckled as he rubbed Tuntun’s heard. If not for this little thing, he would have barely been able to face Zhu Yue. Although the other party did not dare to do anything excessive, Zhou Yuan would likely have ended up in a pretty miserable state.
Fortunately, Tuntun has protected him, making Zhu Yue suffer instead.
“Show me the Ethereal Form technique.” Yaoyao extended a hand, her seemingly sparkling fingers slim and long.
Zhou Yuan retrieved the jade strip and passed it to Yaoyao.
Yaoyao took it and slightly shut her eyes. A long while later, she slowly opened them and said, “This Genesis technique is a little meaningful. Your judgement is not bad…”
“Learning it is not difficult, it merely requires first unblocking a 108 apertures in the body, before pouring in mist essence to temper them. At the advance stage, one will be able to turn one’s body ethereal like the mist, and travel a thousand miles in an instant…”
“However, the slightly more troublesome part is that there are millions and millions of apertures in the body, and their locations are different for everyone. Only by gradually trying to feel them would one be able to unblock the 108 apertures. I believe the so-called instructor will only be giving them some suggestions when the disciples are doing the sensing wrongly, and get them to restart the process, making him pretty much useless.”
A brief observation was all Yaoyao needed to understand the intricacies of the Ethereal Form technique. Such terrifying comprehensive ability stupefied Zhou Yuan a little.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes were practically glowing as he stared at Yaoyao and impatiently asked, “Does big sis Yaoyao know how to sense the 108 apertures?”
Yaoyao shook her head. “I can’t.”
However, she then extended a finger and pointed at Zhou Yuan. “But you can.”
Zhou Yuan was utterly confused, evidently unable to understand what she meant by that.
Yaoyao could not help but laugh at the sight of his lost appearance. She gently tapped the spot between Zhou Yuan’s brows with a cold finger, where the ancient Saint Rune was hidden.
“You truly are like someone who does not realise he lives on a treasure mountain.”
“The Saint Rune between your brows was split off from the Cangxuan Saint Stamp, and patriarch Cang Xuan has told us that it is called the Decoder Saint Rune.”
“It has the ability to see the vulnerabilities or weak points in any Genesis techniques.”
“Not only the enemy’s but also your own.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes grew brighter and brighter as she spoke. He now understood the meaning behind Yaoyao’s earlier words, and slowly said, “So I can use the Decoder Saint Rune to view the Ethereal Form technique…”
Yaoyao gave a slight nod as a lovely smile was revealed on her face. “As such, there is no need for you to painstakingly feel out the aperture locations. You only need to use the Decoder Saint Rune to find them.”
“This will be multiple times more effective than others. So why would you need an elementary level inner mountain disciple’s guidance?”
Zhou Yuan could not help but powerfully hammer his fists together. Even someone usually as calm as himself could not help but be overwhelmed by joy as he lunged towards Yaoyao. “Big sis Yaoyao, you’re too awesome!”
Before his hands could touch Yaoyao, her slightly narrowed eyes swept towards him, causing him to freeze on the spot.
Zhou Yuan awkwardly withdrew his hands, grasping the jade strip as he resentfully said, “I’ll go try it out first and see if I can find the apertures in my body.”
After speaking, he slipped away to the rear courtyard to try out the Ethereal Form technique.
A slight smile appeared on Yaoyao’s pretty face as she watched Zhou Yuan leave. Soon after, she looked outside their little house as her red lips pursed in a slightly chilling manner.
“Tuntun…”
She gently patted Tuntun.
Tuntun raised its head.
“Go teach that fellow a lesson…” Said an expressionless Yaoyao.
Although she could bully Zhou Yuan, what right did a mere inner mountain disciple have.
Roar!
Tuntun released a low roar upon hearing this, an excited look flooding out in its beady beast eyes. Its figure moved, transforming into flash of black light as it shot forth.
Yaoyao watched Tuntun disappear before she lay down once again, leisurely bathing in the sunshine as she read the ancient book in her hands.
...
Night descended.
Zhu Yue walked out of his teaching hall to watch the disciples disperse. Their respectful farewells to him when they left made him feel increasingly pleased with himself inside.
Behind Zhu Yue, Zhu Feng laughed and said, “Hehe, I have to thank elder brother for giving Zhou Yuan such a miserable time today. It was so refreshing.”
Zhu Yue smiled faintly. “He’s merely an ignorant country bumpkin from some tiny continent. Does he really believe that a little Heaven Genesis technique will be so easy to learn? When he comes begging, watch how I’ll humiliate him.”
“I’ve also told the other inner mountain senior and junior brother disciples to make sure he won’t find even a single instructor. I’ll make it such that he’ll be unable to learn even a single Genesis technique!”
“Let’s see how he’ll fight for the peak selection ceremony then!”
Zhu Feng also laughed icily and nodded.
Zhu Yue said, “Head on back first, and work hard to master the Ethereal Form technique during the next few days such that you will have something to show for yourself in the peak selection ceremony.”
Zhu Feng acknowledged, turned around and left.
After sending him off, Zhu Yue began to return to his dwelling. Inner mountain disciples naturally received far better treatment than the outer mountain disciples, each one owning a good place to cultivate.
Zhu Yue rose on his Genesis Qi, flying past a mountain when his expression suddenly changed, because a flash of black light was rapidly approaching him from below like a bolt of lightning.
“Who!”
Roared Zhu Yue as the Genesis Qi in his body began to surge out. With a swing of his hand, Genesis Qi transformed into a giant hand that was dozens of feet wide, mercilessly swatting down at the black light.
Pchla!
However, the black light showed no indications of stopping. A low roar seemed to be heard as sharp claws suffused with black light abruptly slashed downwards.
In that instant, even space itself seemed to disintegrate.
The giant Genesis Qi hand was ruptured in a mere few breaths as sharp claw winds continued on their path. A foul smell assaulted Zhu Yue’s face, quickly followed by intense pain.
ARGH!
He could not help but scream. A bloody claw appeared in front of his face, slashing all the way to his waist as his clothes were torn to shreds, making him an extremely miserable sight to see.
Fresh blood dripped down his eyes, causing Zhu Yue to explode with anger. Genesis Qi madly burst out, but before he could counter attack, the black light had already disappeared into the boundless night sky.
Zhu Yue blankly stared at his surroundings in the air as his body trembled uncontrollably. He was no fool. How could he not know that the black light was definitely related to Zhou Yuan. In fact, it may even be the little bastardly beast from earlier today!
But so what if he knew? Could he say that he was brought to such a state by an outer mountain disciple? What face would he have if this spread back to the seven peaks?
Thus, Zhu Yue burst into rage.
“Zhou Yuan!”
“I will make sure you’re unable to learn even a single Genesis technique!”
In the night, Zhu Yue’s furious and bitter howl rang out like a wild beast’s.

