Chapter 252 Collecting Blood
Tuntun was exceedingly smart, and possessed high intelligence. Hence, it naturally understood Zhou Yuan’s words, causing it to feel a little awkward, using its tiny paws to cover its eyes. It knew that Zhou Yuan was only given 30 Genesis jade pieces a month.
If Zhou Yuan did not have any other income, this meal for Tuntun would be worth several years...
“Do you want to constantly enjoy such meals too in the future?” Zhou Yuan continued to entice.
Tuntun vigorously nodded its little head, its eyes practically glowing.
Zhou Yuan revealed a warm smile as he said, “If you want to eat such meals regularly, I’ll have to first have enough Genesis jade. That’s why I need you to do me a tiny little favor such that I will be able to obtain even more Genesis jade in the future and let you regularly have great, sumptuous meals.”
Tuntun was taken aback. Soon after, it somewhat warily looked at Zhou Yuan. It had sensed a faint hint of danger by instinct.
On the balcony, Yaoyao bathed in the rays of the sun with an ancient text in her hand. Her pupils glanced towards the inside of the house as a slight angle rose from the corners of her red lips.
Zhou Yuan gazed at Tuntun as he retrieved a tiny little jade bottle from his sleeve and said with a faint smile, “It’s actually very simple, I just need a tiny bit of blood from you!”
All the hairs on Tuntun’s body stood on end. It curled up its body and barked at Zhou Yuan.
This fellow wanted its blood!
“If you can’t even help me with this small favor, I’m afraid that we’ll no longer be able to enter the Hundred Fragrances House in future.” Said Zhou Yuan in a calm voice. However, the threat within his words was extremely clear.
Hesitation flashed across Tuntun’s beady eyes.
It was evidently violently struggling inside.
“Do you want to eat stuff like the sumptuous meal you just had or is dried meat better? Won’t it be regretful if you can’t ever go again?” Zhou Yuan’s words were filled with temptation.
In the end, Tuntun let out a pained wail, before it dejectedly extended a paw, evidently no longer able to resist Zhou Yuan’s enticement.
A grin cracked opened from the corners of Zhou Yuan’s lips when he saw this. The Heavenly Yuan Brush began to grow, its snow-white hairs flickering with a sharp cold light.
Ch!
Zhou Yuan channelled his strength, the brush tip transforming into a flash of light as it ruthlessly thrust towards Tuntun’s paw.
Sparks flew when the sharp brush tip landed on Tuntun’s scaly paw. However, it had only made a tiny dent, unable to pierce even the tiniest little hole.
Zhou Yuan was dumbstruck. This defense was way too strong.
Tuntun cast over a disdainful gaze. I let you cut but you can’t even cut it open, so useless...
Zhou Yuan’s face turned hot as he muttered, “My Heavenly Yuan Brush is only a mid grade black tier Genesis Weapon. The fourth rune just refuses to awaken…”
He raised the brush again and took in a deep breath. Genesis Qi surged along the brush, converging into a purple aura at its tip.
It was the Auraflare technique.
The brush tip whizzed forth once again. It finally worked this time, cutting open a tiny hole on Tuntun’s paw from which fresh blood immediately dripped out.
Zhou Yuan hurriedly stretched forward the bottle to catch the drops of blood.
Only now did he discover that Tuntun’s blood had a deep gold hue. Every drop seemed to be extremely heavy, while giving off a mysterious sensation.
“So heavy.”
The hand holding the jade bottle sunk slightly. Tuntun’s blood was exceptionally heavy.
“This truly is the good stuff.” Zhou Yuan licked his lips. His senses told him that Tuntun’s blood was extraordinary. He immediately grabbed Tuntun’s paw and squeezed it tightly to make more blood drip out faster.
Hence, after a few minutes, Zhou Yuan was finally able to fill a bottle.
However, he could not help but lick his lips as he swiftly fished out another bottle, eyes seemingly burning as he said, “A little more, a little more!”
This was such a hard to come by opportunity, he would get every last drop he could!
Roar!
However, Tuntun released angry roar in response to his actions. Its paw suddenly raised and mercilessly swung towards the loathsomely greedy Zhou Yuan’s chest.
Thump!
A muffled thump was heard, followed by a miserable cry.
Zhou Yuan’s figure was thrown backwards, smashing one of the windows of the little house as he arced across the air, before crashing into the ground with a yell of pain.
On the balcony, Yaoyao lifted the ancient text in her hand, blocking her gaze. She was not going to look at this terrible fellow who was now suffering the consequences from trying to take advantage.
Zhou Yuan lay on the ground, hand clutched over his chest as he crawled up. The first thing he did was check that the bottle had not been broken, before breathing a sigh of relief. Next, he shook his head and said, “Petty fellow, it’s just one more bottle…”
He massaged his painful chest. Tuntun had been too vicious.
“But at least I got it.” He gently swivelled the bottle in his hand as a look of joy appeared on his face. It was as Yaoyao had said, Tuntun’s blood would make the high tier grade 4 Genesis Beast essence blood he had become comparable to grade 5.
“What are you doing?”
While Zhou Yuan was elated inside, a lovely voice suddenly rang out from the side. He raised his head, and saw Gu Hongyi standing nearby, her pretty face filled with confusion as she looked at him.
Zhou Yuan kept the jade bottle and grinned, “Nothing.”
He then asked, “What brought you here?”
Gu Hongyi hesitated for a moment, before she said, “I heard that your went the Glittering Jewels Pavilion to purchase Genesis Beast essence blood for the Nine Dragons Canon, but ended up being beaten to it by Lu Feng?”
Zhou Yuans’ expression was calm as he nodded. “He managed to buy up all of the grade 5 Genesis Beast essence blood.”
Gu Hongyi lightly clenched her teeth as fury flashed in her eyes. She had only despise for Lu Feng’s actions.
She suddenly jerked her hand, throwing a black shadow to Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan caught it in surprise, feeling a cool sensation as it entered his hands. It was another jade bottle, a wild and berserk aura spreading from the viscous blood flowing within.
“Grade 5 dragon type Genesis Beast blood?” Zhou Yuan was startled.
“I managed to pull some strings to get it from the inner mountains, but I only have one.” Explained Gu Hongyi.
Zhou Yuan was rather astonished, evidently not expecting Gu Hongyi would help him obtain such an item. He immediately shook his head. “No need…”
Gu Hongyi waved her hand, cutting him off. “No need to be courteous. The grudge between you and Lu Feng is ultimately due to me. I will not stand by and do nothing.”
She looked at Zhou Yuan and suddenly laughed as she teased, “I’ve heard that you told Lu Feng you would take away number one from him in the peak selection ceremony?”
“Word has already spread. Many are laughing at you for overestimating yourself.”
Zhou Yuan was speechless. He had not expected news of this to spread so quickly. Looks like it was because of Lu Feng again.
“I’m not the type to stir up trouble, but he’s provoked me time and time again. It won’t be me if I don’t throw a punch back.” Zhou Yuan chuckled. “Why, do you not fancy my odds?”
“Rationality tells me that your chances are not good.” Gu Hongyi’s red lips pouted slightly. “However, I do hope to see you snatching away first place from him.”
Zhou Yuan nodded. “I’ll accept those well wishes then.”
Gu Hongyi was a direct and efficient individual. With a wave of her hand, she turned around, stepping on Genesis Qi as she cast her gaze back towards the little house by the creek.
“Work hard. There’s not much time left to the peak selection ceremony. I for one am really looking forward to your performance.”
Her voice echoed within the mountain.
Zhou Yuan watched her figure disappear, before he began to swivel the bottle of grade 5 Genesis Beast essence blood. He peered into the distance, iciness filling his eyes as they narrowed.
“Lu Feng…”
“Taking away the essence blood means that there exist some wariness of me in your heart. Hence why you would resort to such methods to ensure nothing goes wrong…”
“However, if you believe this will be enough to hinder me, I can only say that you’re too naive!”
“During the peak selection ceremony, the number one position you’re so fixated on… will be taken by me!”

