Chapter 255 Method
Qiao Xiu was very efficient. By the time afternoon arrived, he had already invited over all of the outstanding individuals from other continents amongst the current batch of outer mountain disciples.
In a certain little house by the mountain creek.
Zhou Yuan was seated on a rock, a dozen youthful figures seated before him. Robust Genesis Qi spread from these figures, every action and gesture they made filled with a certain aura of pride.
Most of the individuals whom had been invited were after all elites amongst the first class disciples. They were normally surrounded by many of their peers, enjoying the feeling the world seemingly revolving around them. Hence, it was natural that they did not lack pride.
Especially the two figures at the very front, a young man and woman.
The young lady wore a long dark cyan dress, her fine black hair reaching all the way to her waist. Her face was pretty, and her skin white as snow. She was called Song Wanxi, and was quite well known amongst the outer mountain disciples. Due to her good looks, she had many admirers.
The male wore long gold robes, his hair scattered behind him. His wild looking face gave off a proud aura.
He was known as Zhao Kun.
These two were also ranked amongst the top ten outer mountain disciples, and could be said to be one of the rare few from the other continents that were able to vie with the Shengzhou disciples.
Song Wanxi appeared calm, though her eyes would covertly sweep towards Zhou Yuan to examine him.
Zhao Kun, on the other hand, was even more unbridled, his gaze uncourteously sizing up Zhou Yuan, as if trying to discover the latter’s bottom line.
Song Wanxi inquired in a soft and gentle voice, “May I ask why junior brother Zhou Yuan has gotten Qiao Xiu to gather us here?”
The numerous disciples present cast their gazes over.
If it was two months prior, not a single one of them would have answered Zhou Yuan’s call. However, Zhou Yuan’s reputation had recently rose, making no one dare to underestimate him. Thus, they had decided to come here out of respect after listening to Qiao Xiu’s words.
Zhou Yuan’s expression was calm as he gazed upon the group. There was no beating about the bush as he said, “I believe everyone has already heard of how Lu Feng intends to divide the top ten spots in the peak selection ceremony.”
Everyone could not help but frown slightly upon hearing this.
Zhao Kun let out an icy chuckle. “This matter may even be related to junior brother Zhou Yuan.”
“Are you trying to say that if there was no feud between me and Lu Feng, he would put up with you guys?” Zhou Yuan’s eyes hardened slightly as he looked towards Zhao Kun and said in a cold voice, “Hoping for others be more lenient and give you some scraps, is this all your dignity is worth?”
By the side, Qiao Xiu and Shen Wanjin were alarmed, not expecting Zhou Yuan’s words to be so sharp even at the start.
Sure enough, the numerous disciples present began to buzz angrily, rage filling their eyes as they looked towards Zhou Yuan. Their proud selves were evidently unable to accept Zhou Yuan’s words.
Zhao Kun’s complexion turned green with anger as he gnashed his teeth and said, “You do have a way with words, why not go reason with Lu Feng.”
A trace of unhappiness could also be seen on Song Wanxi’s pretty face as she said, “Junior brother Zhou Yuan, you should also know how powerful Lu Feng is. What else can we do but be accommodating?”
“If you asked us here only to humiliate us, then we will not accompany any further.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyelids lowered slightly as he looked towards the indignant crowd and said, “Looks like you guys still have a bit of fight in you. If not, it would have been meaningless to gather you.”
He shook his head, looking directly at them as he cut straight to the point. “I’ve asked all of you here to tell you that I intend to contest for first place with Lu Feng in the peak selection ceremony.”
“If you guys don’t plan on struggling for those two pathetic spots, listen to my instructions when the time comes.”
Qiao Xiu grabbed his face. Zhou Yuan’s words were way too direct. It seemed as if he had no plans of trying to properly talk things out.
Sure enough, the numerous disciples looked to each other, before sniggers began to emerge.
“What shameless boasting. A first layer like you intends to vie for first place with Lu Feng?” Zhao Kun was the first to lose control. “How much did your arrogance swell after defeating Zhu Yue in a Genesis technique match?”
“Naive. Time is pressing for me, so I’m afraid that I can’t afford to entertain your delusions any longer.”
Zhao Kun coldly snorted as he stood up, intending to leave.
Song Wanxi also shook her head. Zhou Yuan seemed to be way too arrogant.
There was only indifference on Zhou Yuan’s face as he watched Zhao Kun stand up. The former knew that words were useless with these proud and unyielding fellows. The only way for them to submit was to beat them till they were convinced.
Hence, he immediately said, “Receive a strike from me and I will apologize right here, right now.”
“Arrogant!” Zhao Kun’s eyes widened as he laughed in anger.
Rumble!
However, Zhou Yuan could no longer be bothered to speak. He formed a seal with one hand, before his palm suddenly flew forth.
Vigorous Genesis Qi abruptly erupted, akin to a flood of gold as it roared out from Zhou Yuan’s palm. When it surged out, it seemed to turn into a giant lizard covered in dragon scales that released a dragon like roar.
An extremely alarming aura violently unfurled.
This palm strike had clearly been imbued with the Nine Dragons Canon!
The Genesis Qi faintly shaped like a giant lizard was the dragon type Genesis Beast essence blood Zhou Yuan refined. However, it appeared somewhat indistinct because he had yet to fully refine it.
Even so, the strike was imposingly powerful, tearing apart even the ground itself.
A ferocious aura pounced towards Zhao Kun, causing his expression to change drastically. It was as if a high tier grade 4 Genesis Beast was charging towards him, intending to trample him into the ground.
He did not dare to delay. With a loud yell, Genesis Qi also exploded from his body, the power of the third layer undoubtedly on full display.
Boom!
His foot slammed into the ground as his body shot forth like a flash of light, colliding with the roaring giant lizard made from Genesis Qi.
Wild winds devastated the surroundings, causing cracks to extend across the ground.
Thump!
Under the now stupefied gaze after gaze, the menacingly charging Zhao Kun was blown away by the giant lizard a split second later. He heavily crashed into a wall of the mountain, causing cracks to fill the entire wall.
The area around the mountain creek was deathly silent.
Zhou Yuan was expressionless. With a wave of his sleeve, the giant Genesis Qi lizard returned into his hand.
Plop.
Zhao Kun fell from the mountain wall, and crashed into the ground as he spat out a mouthful of blood. He raised his head, shock and fear in his eyes as he looked towards Zhou Yuan, evidently never expecting his three layer strength to be incapable of receiving even a single blow from Zhou Yuan.
Song Wanxi’s red lips were slightly ajar, her full chest heaving slightly as she stared deeply at Zhou Yuan.
"Is there anyone else who wants to leave?" Zhou Yuan's voice was shockingly calm.
Silence. Everyone was silent, not daring to make any noise. The scrutiny from before had now completely vanished. One must know that Zhao Kun was ranked seventh amongst the ten great outer mountain disciples. However, even someone like him had been defeated in a single strike. How terrifyingly powerful did one have to be to achieve such a feat?
They had believed that no matter how strong Zhou Yuan was, he would at most be a little stronger than them. Yet, the scene before their eyes made them understand how wrong they had been.
“Are you guys going to listen now?” Zhou Yuan’s gaze swept across them.
Anyone who came into contact with it hurriedly lowered their heads in embarrassment.
Song Wanxi’s red lips parted slightly, and apologetically said, “We were blind earlier, I hope that junior brother Zhou Yuan does not blame us too much.”
Zhao Kun wiped away the blood at the corner of his mouth. He was a straightforward person, so after being utterly defeated by Zhou Yuan, he did not leave, but instead returned and sat down again. “You’re good, and I was the one who was blind earlier. Go ahead and let us know what should be done.”
The strength Zhou Yuan displayed had subdued them, causing certain thoughts to rise in their minds. Perhaps Zhou Yuan did have the power to contend against Lu Feng...
Qiao Xiu secretly breathed a sigh of relief. All of these guys were indeed miserable bastards. When words were used, they refused to listen, and only after being beaten did they submit.
Zhou Yuan glanced at Zhao Kun and said, “First, we will not accept their suggestion of leaving us only two of the top ten spots.”
Everyone exchanged a look. Of course they did not want to accept it, but...
“What do we do about Lu Feng? He said we have to go find him if we have any objections.” Asked someone.
Zhou Yuan’s expression was uncaring. “Who does he think he is?”
“Spread the word that we want six of the top ten spots. The Shengzhou disciples can only have four.”
Cold sweat emerged on the heads of Zhao Kun and the rest, even Song Wanxi’s lips stretched slightly taunt as she forced a smile. “I’m afraid Lu Feng will not agree.”
Zhou Yuan offhandedly said, “If they disagree, we’ll see which of us is more skilled in the peak selection ceremony.”
Someone weakly said, “With regards to quality, the Shengzhou disciples are indeed a little stronger than us. I’m afraid that we won’t be able to do much.”
Zhou Yuan’s gaze swept across the group as he said, “During the following month, I will guide your Genesis technique progress. Although there may not be giant leaps, it will definitely be better than your current rate situation."
Song Wanxi, Zhao Kun and the rest’s eyes could not help but brighten. They knew that Zhou Yuan seemed to be astonishingly talented in practicing Genesis techniques. If they had his guidance, they may even raise their strength to the next level.
“In return, all of you have to listen to me during the peak selection ceremony, whoever I direct you guys at, you guys will go and beat up.”
"Any objections?" Zhou Yuan slowly said.
This time, everyone nodded one after another, their eyes filled with burning excitement.
At the rear, Qiao Xiu and Shen Wanjin inwardly sighed in admiration upon seeing this. This was truly a beautiful move from Zhou Yuan. First intimidate them like a blast of thunder, before dangling a carrot in front of their eyes. All of these normally untamable elite disciples were immediately subdued into obedience...
As such, Zhou Yuan had suddenly changed from a lone ranger to an existence that was now able to match Lu Feng’s gang of Shengzhou disciples...
Qiao Xiu licked his lips as a fire began to burn in his eyes.
All of a sudden, the peak selection ceremony in a month was going to be an electrifyingly exciting event.

