Chapter 562 Lei Qinghai
Amidst the mountain forest.
There were currently numerous figures within the forest, the powerful Genesis Qi undulations pulsing from their bodies showing that they were no weaklings. They would occasionally lift their heads to look at the nearby mountain top, where concentrated tri-color light could be seen
At the sight of the tri-color light, greed appeared in the eyes of these individuals.
However, they would reluctantly withdraw their gazes and turn towards the center of the forest, where dozens of figures could be seen surrounding one particular figure like stars around the moon.
It was a smiling young man in silver robes that gave off an extraordinary presence, while thunder faintly rumbled from his body.
Hushed voices conversed amidst the mountain forest, “That’s Lie Qinghai, one of the three thunder generals of the Little Thunder Gate. He’s extremely strong, and I’ve heard he recently advanced to the ninth layer Alpha-Origin stage, making him no weaker than any of the chief disciples from the six overlord sects. With him here, we’ll definitely be able to vie with the Cangxuan Sect.”
The other figures silently nodded. The three thunder generals of the Little Thunder Gate were the most outstanding trio amongst their numerous disciples, and only those who had overcome repeated challenges would be able to take this title. As one of the thunder generals, Lei Qinghai was certainly a very capable individual.
“Everyone…”
The young man in a silver robe looked over at this moment, a faint rumble accompanying his voice as it rang out beside everyone’s ears.
“We’ve already investigated the Cangxuan Sect disciples on the mountain, and discovered that the one leading them is the chief disciple of the Cangxuan Sect’s Saint Genesis Peak, Zhou Yuan.”
“Saint Genesis Peak?” Shock appeared in the eyes of several individuals.
“Isn’t Saint Genesis Peak the weakest peak in the Cangxuan Sect? I can’t believe they managed to produce a chief disciple.” It was clear that the people here had some knowledge about the current situation in the Cangxuan Sect.
“Zhou Yuan is likely a newly promoted chief disciple, and though we currently do not know how strong he is, as someone who managed to become a chief disciple of the Cangxuan Sect, he should be pretty capable.”
“Hehe, no matter how capable the chief disciple of Saint Genesis Peak is, how can he possibly compare to brother Lei? Given brother Lei’s strength, he will likely be one of the stronger ones even when placed amidst the seven chief disciples of the Cangxuan Sect. That Saint Genesis Peak chief disciple, on the other hand, should be the weakest of the bunch.”
The others agreed one after another. After hearing that the chief disciple leading the group on the mountain top was from the weakest Saint Genesis Peak, everyone clearly breathed a sigh of relief.
They had been afraid of encountering the more famous chief disciples, such as the one from the Cangxuan Peak or Sword Cometh Peak, because that would be very troublesome indeed.
Lei Qinghai chuckled as he waved his hand. Two silver balls could be seen slowly spinning in his hand, as they flickered with lightning. “Although Saint Genesis Peak is the weakest, we should not underestimate them too much.”
Though he said so, a sliver of disagreement flashed across his eyes. He was more familiar than most with regards to the chief disciples and Chosens of the Cangxuan Sect, but he had never heard of a chief disciple called Zhou Yuan. The latter was obviously a newcomer, and Lei Qinghai felt that he had nothing to fear from such an individual.
“Since everyone has placed their face in the Little Thunder Gate, I shall represent everyone to go meet chief disciple Zhou Yuan later. If he agrees to take a step back and allow us to harvest Mythic Genesis essence on the mountain, we will naturally not be too overbearing.” Said Lei Qinghai with a smile.
“What if chief disciple Zhou Yuan does not agree?” Asked someone in a rather fierce tone.
Lei Qinghai softly chuckled. “That chief disciple will be far too naive if he believes the Cangxuan Sect’s name will be able to scare everyone away. If that happens, we’ll have no choice but to properly school him.”
As he spoke, an alarming Genesis Qi pressure slowly spread from his body, causing the hearts of the many individuals present to shiver. This thunder general of the Little Thunder Gate was indeed a very powerful practitioner.
Of course, they knew that Lei Qinghai was flexing his muscles to them.
For a time, the crowd voiced their approval, showing that they would regard Lei Qinghai as their leader.
Li Qinghai smiled in a relaxed manner when he saw this. “You guys will wait here for my signal. If words don’t work, we’ll have no choice but to use force. I hope that the chief disciple of Saint Genesis Peak will not be foolish.”
After finishing, his figure soared into the sky like a thunderbolt, appearing in front of the mountain as he cupped his fists together and said in a loud voice, “Lei Qinghai of the Little Thunder Gate requests to meet chief disciple Zhou Yuan.”
His voice was akin to thunder as it rumbled across the area.
On the mountain top, Zhou Yuan was in the midst of harvesting Mythic Genesis essence. His lightly shut eyes opened, and looked towards the figure that glowed with lightning in the sky. “The Little Thunder Gate huh?”
He had naturally heard of this rather famous sect of the Shengzhou Continent.
Gu Hongyi said from the said, “Many factions have gathered at the foot of the mountain, and Lei Qinghai has already managed to unite them, making them a substantial threat.”
“Looks like our visitors aren’t friendly.” Zhou Yuan softly chuckled. Soon after, his voice rang out, “Let him come and see what he wants.”
The Cangxuan Sect disciples that were blocking the way withdrew when they heard this. Lightning flashed in the sky, as a figure appeared in front of Zhou Yuan. The former’s arrogant manner showed that he was unafraid even under the tiger-like gazes of the many Cangxuan Sect disciples.
“Is this distinguished one the chief disciple of Saint Genesis Peak?” Lei Qinghan’s gaze immediately locked onto Zhou Yuan, but soon began to frown. From what the former could sense, Zhou Yuan appeared to only be at the seventh layer.
Was the chief disciple of Saint Genesis Peak really so weak?
Zhou Yuan paid no attention to Lei Qinghai’s gaze and said, “How can we help you?”
Lei Qinghai withdrew his gaze, and looked towards the broken trunk that was spouting tri-color light behind Zhou Yuan, as greed flashed across his eyes.
There was indeed a tremendous amount of three-color Mythic Genesis essence here!
“What do you think you’re lookin?” Berated Gu Hongyi.
Lei Qinghai withdrew his gaze again, looking back at Zhou Yuan as he unhurriedly said, “Chief disciple Zhou Yuan is quite lucky. To think that you manage to find such a nice place that contains three-color Mythic Genesis essence.”
Zhou Yuan responded with a chuckle.
Lei Qinghai also chuckled, before he said in a sincere manner, “However, your current situation does not look too good, chief disciple Zhou Yuan.”
“Oh?”
“Many factions have gathered at the foot of the mountain and are all eyeing this location. Though the Cangxuan Sect is strong, you only have a single team here. What’s more, you guys are led by a chief disciple from Saint Genesis Peak.”
“Such strength is likely not enough to scare off those greedy guys.”
“And if a fight breaks out, your side will likely not have much of an advantage.” Said Lei Qinghai with a smile.
Upon hearing how the former seemed to brush off Zhou Yuan, the ends of Gu Hongyi’s brows arched slightly upwards as she sneered, “Why don’t you guys try us and see?”
Zhou Yuan merely continued to stare at Lei Qinghai and said, “What are brother Lei’s intentions? Why does it appear to me that you’re on the same side as them?”
Lei Qinghai smiled as he waved his hand. “They’re merely a bunch of small fries that hope to rely on their numbers. How can they possibly compare to the many amazing disciples of the Cangxuan Sect?”
He looked at Zhou Yuan with an appearance of absolute sincerity and said, “However, the disturbance here is quite large and will keep drawing people over. As time passes, the situation will become more and more troublesome.”
“I’d like to propose a solution. The Little Thunder Gate hopes to join forces with brother Zhou Yuan to exterminate those greedy fellows below, and when news of this spreads, there will naturally no longer be anyone who dares to challenge us.”
Zhou Yuan stared at Lei Qinghai in interest. What a vicious person, to think that he intended to join forces to exterminate the others.
“What does brother Lei wish for in return?” Zhou Yuan smiled faintly.
Lei Qinghai pointed at the spouting Mythic Genesis essence behind Zhou Yuan as he grinned widely. “I won’t ask for a lion’s share. Fifty percent, we’ll split it fifty fifty.”
Gu Hongyi’s eyes turned a little frosty. “Fifty percent, you call that not asking for a lion’s share?”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly as he stared at Lei Qinghai.
Lei Qinghai met the former’s gaze with an aggressive and challenging one of his own and said, “Besides this, there’s one other thing I want. I’ve heard that you Cangxuan Sect disciples have a map that contains information regarding previously discovered Mythic Genesis essence locations. If brother Zhou Yuan can share it, the Little Thunder Gate will become your friend, you can go ahead and find us for any matter in the Mythic Utopia.”
Gu Hongyi was so angry that her face turned red. This fellow really knew how to ask!
“What if I don’t agree.” Said Zhou Yuan in an indifferent manner. He could already tell that Lei Qinghai had taken him to be a pushover.
Lei Qinghai sighed, the two silver lightning beads in his hand slowly spinning as he said in a slow and deliberately drawn out manner, “If brother Zhou refuses to cooperate, I will have no choice but to let the fellows below know. If a battle breaks out, I’m afraid that you guys will end up paying a very steep price.”
He stared at Zhou Yuan in an oppressive manner, leaning forward slightly as he said, “Brother Zhou, I would not have done this if it were the Cangxuan Peak or any other chief disciple, but there are times when you have to accept your fate when the other party is stronger.”
He waved his hand as he continued, “I will wait for half an incense stick of time, and brother Zhou can inform me once you’ve made your decision. Of course, I hope that you will not take too long, because the fellows below seem to be growing rather impatient.”
After finishing, he stood up and turned around to leave.
Zhou Yuan could not help but laugh as he looked at the former’s figure and said, “No need to wait… I already have an answer.”
Zhou Yuan earnestly said, “Friend from the Little Thunder Gate, if you don’t wish to be buried in the Mythic Utopia, I advise you to forget about the Mythic Genesis essence here, and run as far as you can… this is my final advice I have for you.”
Lei Qinghai’s footsteps paused, tilting his head backwards to glance at Zhou Yuan as a mocking smile rose from the corners of his mouth.
However, before he could say anything, Zhou Yuan had already begun to speak again, “Don’t go entering enemy territory alone in the future… I have no interest in playing such childish games with you.”
He reached out his hand and signalled at the numerous already waiting Cangxuan Sect disciples.
“Get rid of him.”

