Chapter 98 Omni Python Qi
“So this is the first level of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture, the Qi cultivation method for the Omni Python Qi…”
In the courtyard, Zhou Yuan’s shut eyes opened once again, excitement and wonder flooding his face as he pondered over the mysterious and complex Qi cultivation method in his mind.
After numerous trials and tribulations, the first level of the Qi cultivation method was finally in his hands.
“Congratulations, you are now a practitioner of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture.” Yaoyao beautiful eyes focused on Zhou Yuan as she slowly said, “However, you should know that once you cultivate the Omni Python Qi, you will no longer be able to reverse the process and can only continue down on this incomparably difficult path till… death.”
Zhou Yuan was silent a moment as he slowly nodded. However, it was clear from the look in his eyes that his resolve had not been shaken. Instead, the flames of determination burned even stronger.
“There are far too many dangers in this world. Without sufficient power… I may one day come to share the fate of the Battle Puppet Sect, just a random one of the many life forms within an eighty thousand mile radius that can be easily destroyed with a flip of someone else’s hand.”
“I do not like such an outcome, nor do I want to see such a calamity strike those at my side. Thus… I need to become strong, strong enough to resist any such calamity!”
Yaoyao gazed at Zhou Yuan’s eyes that flickered with unwavering determination and ultimately gave a gentle nod of approval with her pointed snow-white chin.
“Since you’ve made your resolve, you should begin. I will protect you during the process.”
Zhou Yuan solemnly nodded. Without anymore hesitation, his eyes closed as he meticulously savoured the Omni Python Qi cultivation method in his head. It was two hours later before he opened his eyes again.
Roar!
Zhou Yuan’s body jerked slightly, his back arched over, while his bones vibrated as if a dragon roar was echoing within his body. It was the Dragon Breathing method.
The Dragon Breathing method currently used by Zhou Yuan no longer required him to open his mouth. As he breathed, the surrounding Genesis Qi transformed into strings of white as they endlessly surged over, tunnelling into his body through his nose in sync with his breathing.
This showed that he had obtained a certain level of mastery over Dragon Breathing and was capable of using Dragon Breathing while he breathed to take in the surrounding Genesis Qi.
However, Zhou Yuan’s mastery had yet to reach the level where he could maintain this state for a long period of time. If he were to polish it till the point of perfection in future, even his daily ordinary breathing would allow him to take in the surrounding Genesis Qi and cultivate continuously.
Genesis Qi circulated within Zhou Yuan’s body, flowing through his eight meridian channels before ultimately pouring into his Qi Dwelling.
In his Qi Dwelling, Genesis Qi as pure as crystal floated about like the mist.
With a thought, the Genesis Qi in his Qi Dwelling began to vibrate, slowly turning into a whirlpool as if being pulled towards something.
Genesis Qi began to be gradually compressed in this manner.
While the Genesis Qi in his Qi Dwelling began to swirl, Zhou Yuan made a grabbing motion at the Heavenly Gold Marrow, sucking it into his hand like a drop of dazzling golden liquid.
The moment it landed on his palm, Genesis Qi swiftly wrapped around it and brought it into his body. It shuttled through Zhou Yuan’s meridian channels and entered his Qi Dwelling.
The Heavenly Gold Marrow was soon cast into the vortex formed from Genesis Qi, immediately turning into countless golden specks of light.
Thus, the originally pure Genesis Qi turned dazzling gold as a faint but sharp aura gradually emerged.
“Nine Underworld Black Spring Crystal!”
Without pause, Zhou Yuan grabbed the Nine Underworld Black Spring Crystal. Genesis Qi surged as his hand closed around it, crushing the crystal into tiny pieces.
Wisps of black cold Qi was bundled up by Genesis Qi and brought into Zhou Yuan’s body, ending up in his Qi Dwelling before being poured into the spinning golden vortex.
Wisps of black light now swam within the golden vortex.
“Genesis Swallowing Rock!”
Zhou Yuan’s movements were now more practiced. The Genesis Swallowing Rock was swiftly crushed into powder when it entered his hand and wisps of night-black Qi was sent into his Qi Dwelling.
After sending these three Genesis materials into his Qi Dwelling, Zhou Yuan’s gaze turned towards the final ingredient.
The Grade 4 python type Genesis beast spirit.
At this moment, Yaoyao suddenly cautioned, “You need to be more careful when you fuse this material. A Genesis beast spirit is extremely savage in nature and the slightest mishap might result in your Spirit being devoured.”
This step was undoubtedly several times more dangerous compared to adding the previous three Genesis materials.
Zhou Yuan merely smiled confidently in response. “I might fear it if it still had its physical body, but a mere beast spirit is no threat to me.”
The moment his words faded, both his palms suddenly swung towards the crystal, shattering it as a savage hiss rang out. A flash of night-black light immediately shot towards the spot between Zhou Yuan’s brows.
It was the grade 4 python type Genesis beast spirit.
“Hss hss!”
The night-black light that contained the silhouette of a python zipped straight towards the cross-legged illusory figure the moment it entered Zhou Yuan’s head. Its mouth opened wide with the intent of swallowing the latter.
“You don’t have the qualifications to do as you please here!”
Zhou Yuan’s Spirit let out an icy chuckle as it glimmered and faded away. The formless mass of creation quickly descended as an endless Primal Chaos Divine Grindstone slowly fell from the sky.
The python silhouette was instantly horrified out of its soul by this scene. It could clearly feel an endless amount of fear from the seemingly infinite Primal Chaos Divine Grindstone. After a loud hiss of terror, it turned around and fled without the slightest hesitation.
However, the mottled divine grindstone was capable of travelling through space. Oddly enough, the python silhouette appeared in front of the grindstone as it descended, grinding the python into oblivion.
Zhou Yuan’s Spirit revealed itself at this moment and made a grabbing motion as countless fragments of night-black light gathered towards him, transforming into a blurry python silhouette in his palm. There was no longer any ferocity in the newly formed python silhouette, its snake eyes lifeless and dull as if its mind had been stripped away and destroyed.
Zhou Yuan’s Spirit swung its hand, casting the blurry python silhouette at his Qi Dwelling and into the swirling Genesis Qi vortex.
All four Genesis materials were now present.
Zhou Yuan concentrated and began to spin the Genesis Qi vortex according to the Omni Python Qi cultivation method, slowly fusing and tempering.
In the blink of an eye, seven days passed by.
During these seven days, Zhou Yuan’s body was as still as a rock and even his breathing had become much lighter. Meanwhile, a dark golden glow would flicker on the surface of his body from time to time.
It seemed as if a unique aura was brewing within his body.
During these seven days, Zhou Qing, Qin Yu and Su Youwei came by to see Zhou Yuan but did not dare to disturb him upon seeing that he was at a critical juncture.
When the first rays of the sun sprinkled down onto Zhou Yuan’s body on the eighth day, his unmoving body finally jerked.
Hss!
The hiss of a great python seemed to emerge from within his body, causing his Qi and blood to boil and tremble.
Swish!
Zhou Yuan’s tightly shut eyes opened at this moment, golden light spouting from within as wisps of dark gold Genesis Qi surged out from his body and began swirling around him.
While the dark gold Genesis Qi rose, a golden python Qi body emerged from the top of Zhou Yuan’s head, hissing at the heavens like a clap of thunder.
On this day, the first level of the Ancestral Dragon Scripture, the Omni Python Qi had finally been cultivated by Zhou Yuan.

