Chapter 198 Splitting the Sacred Dragon Blessing
Chapter 198 Splitting the Sacred Dragon Blessing
On the ruins of what was once a white jade plaza, Zhou Yuan was kneeling on one knee. His expression was deathly pale, the Genesis Qi around his body extremely weak, while the Spirit between his brows was so dim that it seemed as if it was about to be extinguished.
He gently turned his gaze, eyes indifferent as he looked towards the headless body behind him.
Bzz!
All of a sudden, Wu Huang’s headless corpse began to tremble faintly. A split second later, a flash of light dashed out from his stump of a neck, the roar of a dragon echoing within it.
A faint translucent dragon silhouette was revealed within the light.
The dragon silhouette was ancient and noble, like a gift from the heavens.
Zhou Yuan heart violently shook when he saw it. He could feel an extremely intimate and familiar aura from it...
“The sacred dragon blessing…”
There was a slight tremble in Zhou Yuan’s voice. Back then, king Wu had extracted the sacred dragon blessing from his body and infused it into Great Wu’s python and sparrow...
He never imagined that a dozen years later, he would once again be able to feel the sacred dragon blessing that originally belonged to him.
Hss!
The Omni Python Qi in Zhou Yuan’s Qi Dwelling began to stir violently. A hiss seemed to echo, filled with an indescribable thirst and desire.
Bzz!
The translucent dragon silhouette coiled in mid-air for a moment, before suddenly sweeping dowards.
However, it was not headed towards Zhou Yuan but Wu Huang’s decapitated head.
“Wu Huang, I knew that you will not die so easily!” Chilling light blossomed in Zhou Yuan’s eyes, no hesitation whatsoever as he immediately threw a punch. The tiny bit of Genesis Qi that had just recovered in his body whizzed out without reservation, ruthlessly blasting towards Wu Huang’s head.
At this moment, the head on the ground suddenly opened its eyes. Light appeared between its brows, revealing a faint illusory figure.
It was Wu Huang’s Spirit.
Zhou Yuan had slayed Wu Huang’s physical body, but his Spirit had hid itself between his brows.
When the gazes both inside and outside Saint Remains saw this, they burst out in alarm, “Wu Huang’s Spirit has not faded together with his body?”
“It seems that he has a Spirit protection treasure. That’s how his Spirit hid in his head.”
“But the Spirit is useless without a body unless it steps into the Corporeal stage. However, Wu Huang's Spirit was clearly far from that level!"
"Zhou Yuan only needs to pulverise his head. His Spirit will then have nowhere to hide, making it an easy target."
“...”
Swish!
Spirit power spread from the spot between his brows, lifting the head into the air and avoiding Zhou Yuan's attack. The head's mouth opened, attempting to suck away the sacred dragon blessing.
"Heavenly Yuan Brush!"
Zhou Yuan drew the Heavenly Yuan Brush at his waist with ice-cold eyes. With a little shake, the brush began to grow, its snow-white hairs stretching into long snow-white whips that swiftly pierced towards Wu Huang’s head.
Wu Huang no longer dared to take back the sacred dragon blessing, quickly abandoning his previous actions. His head rose, avoiding the snow-white hairs.
Wu Huang’s head flew about, his mouth opening and closing as an eerie voice sounded, “Zhou Yuan, I was indeed too confident this time. However, it will not be so easy for you to kill me!”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly and suddenly grabbed with his hand.
Ch!
Hairs that could not be seen with the naked eye suddenly appeared out of nowhere, quickly surrounding Wu Huang’s head. In the next moment, all of them shot towards their target, piercing Wu Huang’s head.
Bang!
As the hairs swept past, Wu Huang’s head burst into pieces.
Though the head was destroyed, Zhou Yuan frowned slightly. He had caught sight of a palm-sized illusory figure rising from the mist of blood.
That Spirit naturally belonged to Wu Huang.
However, there was a layer of glittering star light wrapped around Wu Huang’s illusory Spirit like a set of clothes. It was the protection of this star clothes that allowed Wu Huang’s mid Illusory stage Spirit to separate from his body.
“Spirit armor?!”
Zhou Yuan’s pupils shrank. The star clothes was a kind of Spirit armor that could protect one’s Spirit. Even normal Corporeal stage Spirit cultivators were unable to create one.
It was obvious that Wu Huang had a very powerful backer.
Wu Huang’s Spirit looked over and coldly said, “Zhou Yuan, I said that you can’t kill me!”
“Humph, want to take back the sacred dragon blessing? Dream on. It has been in my body for over a dozen years, making my control over it greater than yours. Once I take it back, there will naturally be a chance for revenge in the future!”
Wu Huang’s hands quickly formed a seal, and the sacred dragon blessing began to tremble. In the end, it began to flow towards Wu Huang’s Spirit.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes were ice-cold. It had not been easy for him to find an opportunity to slay Wu Huang’s physical body and draw out the sacred dragon blessing within. If he allowed Wu Huang to retrieve it, Zhou Yuan did not know how long he would have to wait for another chance like this would come by.
In addition, even if he ended up being unable to completely destroy Wu Huang today, losing the sacred dragon blessing would be an unimaginably huge blow to the latter.
Therefore, Zhou Yuan absolutely could not allow Wu Huang to succeed.
Zhou Yuan took in a deep breath and gave the Heavenly Yuan Brush a little jerk. Its snow-white hairs flew under his feet, lifting him into the air and making a beeline for the sacred dragon blessing.
“Stop dreaming Zhou Yuan. You cannot take away this sacred dragon blessing!” Wu Huang’s Spirit laughed loudly.
An icy light flitted across Zhou Yuan’s eyes, “Is that so?”
He slowly lifted his right hand where a lump of blood-red slowly squirmed on his palm, giving off an aura of resentment.
Zhou Yuan asked in a low voice, “Dragon’s Resentment Poison, do you recall the reason for your existence? Don’t you want to take back this sacred dragon blessing?!”
The Dragon’s Resentment Poison had a mind of its own. Ever since the sacred dragon blessing’s appearance, Zhou Yuan had felt it stirring impatiently.
Roar!
The moment Zhou Yuan’s words faded, the lump of blood-red abruptly began to shudder. It pierced out of Zhou Yuan’s palm, blood-red Qi surging forth, transforming into a blood-red dragon head in front of his hand...
The dragon head roared and ferociously sucked.
Wu Huang was immediately shocked and terrified by this. The sacred dragon blessing that had originally been flowing towards him was now surging towards Zhou Yuan at an astonishing speed.
“God damn it!”
Howled Wu Huang as he hurriedly used all his might to frantically suck up the sacred dragon blessing in an attempt to regain it.
Thus, the sacred dragon blessing split in the air, surging towards two different directions.
But, the Dragon’s Resentment Poison was clearly much faster!
In the short span of several dozen breaths, the sacred dragon blessing had disappeared. Nearly two thirds of it had been swallowed by the Dragon’s Resentment Poison
Wu Huang was only able to get back a third.
“AAARHH!”
Wu Huang completely lost it this time, his eyes entirely red. He had not acted in such a manner even when his physical body was slain earlier, all because he clearly understood the functions of the sacred dragon blessing.
As long as he possessed it, it would only be a matter of time before he rose again!
But a large portion of the sacred dragon blessing had now been taken back by Zhou Yuan. This would affect not only himself, but also the country blessing of the Great Wu Empire.
However, there was nothing he could do no matter how angry he got. The only thing left of him was his Spirit, and it would not be easy for him to escape from Zhou Yuan, let alone trying to do anything to the latter.
Dazzling star light exploded from Wu Huang’s Spirit, sweeping him up as it soared into the sky, before disappearing as if penetrating through space itself.
“Zhou Yuan, I will never let you off!”
As Wu Huang’s Spirit disappeared, his mad howls continued to echo.
...
Outside the Saint Remains Domain.
Zhao Pan’s expression was dark and stormy as he retrieved a star disc from his clothes. Star light shined from it, gathering in front of him to ultimately form a spatial passageway.
Swish!
A flash of star light shot out from within, landing on the star disc together with Wu Huang’s Spirit.
Zhao Pan was evidently the one who had saved Wu Huang’s Spirit.
Nearby, Mu Wuji sneered and said, “Heh, I never imagined that you would have even brought the Sacred Palace’s Star Spirit Disc. Could you guys have predicted Wu Huang’s loss?”
Zhao Pan’s expression was white with anger, but he ignored the former and instead shot a cold glance at the Spirit in the star disc as he scolded in his heart, “What a useless piece of trash. If not for palace master, I would not have saved you…”
Although he was furious at Wu Huang’s uselessness, he still carefully kept the star disc, allowing Wu Huang’s Spirit to recover within it.
After all, before leaving Sacred Palace, palace master had personally tasked him to bring Wu Huang back even if all that was left was a tiny wisp of his Spirit.
Zhao Pan had initially scoffed at such a notion, but who could have imagined that Wu Huang’s physical body would be slain, only escaping with his Spirit...
Zhao Pan raised his head and looked towards Zhou Yuan’s figure in the mirror as killing intent involuntarily flitted across his eyes.
“Can’t believe that this brat was able to go so far…”
But he knew that with Mu Wuji watching, there was nothing he could do to Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan had undoubtedly become the greatest winner in the Saint Remains Domain.

