Chapter 92 Treasure
The underground palace was completely silent while Zhou Yuan and Su Youwei watched the light screen in shock. Only when the light screen faded a long time later did they finally return to their senses.
“What a cruel punishment. To think that he would annihilate all life within an eighty thousand mile radius.” Zhou Yuan’s voice was somewhat downcast.
“All because geniuses from their Sacred race died here.” Su Youwei’s face had turned a little pale. The actions of this so-called Sacred race were just too tyrannical and heartless.
Zhou Yuan had a grim expression as he slowly mumbled, “Just what exactly is the Sacred race. To think that they have the power to wipe out all life within eighty thousand miles with a few simple words.”
This world was too vast and there were still too many things he did not know.
As he sighed in his heart, Zhou Yuan looked towards Yaoyao and was immediately taken aback. The latter’s bright eyes seemed to be filled with a chillingly cold aura at this moment.
“Big sis Yaoyao?” Zhou Yuan hurriedly called out to her.
Upon hearing Zhou Yuan’s voice, Yaoyao seemed to come back to her senses. The iciness in her eyes faded, replaced by confusion as she looked towards Zhou Yuan and asked, “What is it?”
Zhou Yuan awkwardly scratched his head in response. Had his eyes been playing tricks on him earlier?
“It seems that the images in the crystal were recorded when the Battle Puppet Sect was wiped out.” Zhou Yuan decided not to overthink things as his gaze quickly turned towards the other two jade cases.
“These two cases shouldn’t contain recording stones too right?”
Muttered Zhou Yuan before he once again carefully opened the second jade case.
Swish!
The instant he opened the case, a flash of black-white light suddenly shot out, its speed akin to lightning.
This sudden turn of events startled Zhou Yuan. The Heavenly Yuan Brush in his hand rapidly grew as the brush tip stabbed at the black-white light with formidable sharpness.
Clang!
The collision shook Zhou Yuan’s hand and the black-white light was catapulted away. However, it suddenly turned, trembling faintly as it shot towards Su Youwei instead.
Zhou Yuan was greatly alarmed and hurriedly shouted, “Careful Youwei!”
Unfortunately, the black-white light’s speed was too quick. Su Youwei was barely able to respond when the black-white light arrived and flew into the spot between her brows.
The sight of this caused Zhou Yuan’s eyes to almost burst open in rage, turning entirely red as he rushed towards Su Youwei.
Meanwhile, Su Youwei’s body trembled a little as she felt the area between her brows with her hand and hurriedly said, “I’m fine your highness!”
Zhou Yuan quickly arrived at her side and looked at the spot between her brows, “What was that thing earlier? Are you sure you are alright?”
“I don’t know what happened either.” Su Youwei’s eyebrows knitted together.
Yaoyao also walked over at this moment and observed Su Youwei for a while, before she spoke, “Check your Qi Dwelling.”
Su Youwei nodded. She closed her eyes as her mind sunk into her Qi Dwelling. After a while, she finally sensed something different.
A black-white glimmer floated within her Qi Dwelling. At closer inspection, one would discover a silhouette of a sword within the black-white light. On the sword were two barely discernible ancient words.
“Yangming Sword.”
The sword silhouette vibrated as an astonishing aura pulsed from it. However, the entire sword was dim as if its energy had been completely depleted.
Su Youwei opened her eyes and said in an amazed voice, “A sword has appeared in my Qi Dwelling.”
Zhou Yuan was stunned.
Yaoyao thought for a bit and said, “An object capable of being kept into the Qi Dwelling is likely a Heaven tier Genesis Weapon.”
“Heaven tier Genesis Weapon?” Su Youwei’s little mouth hung slightly open. One would not be able to find a single Genesis Weapon of this tier even in the entire Great Zhou Empire. Yet, such an object had somehow burrowed into her Qi Dwelling?
After being shocked for a while, Su Youwei nervously looked towards Zhou Yuan and said, “Your highness, maybe I should try to expel it?”
Such a precious treasure would likely be a huge help to Zhou Yuan.
Yaoyao let out a soft chuckle. “Genesis Weapons that have reached the Heaven level have a consciousness of their own and will chose their own masters. This Yangming Sword has likely chosen you as its host due to its Yin Yang attribute.”
“Even if you manage to retrieve it from your Qi Dwelling, Zhou Yuan will not be able to subdue it. Forcing it to submit will do no good.”
Zhou Yuan’s lips cracked open into a grin as he said, “This is your blessing, there is no need to force it out.”
Although a Heaven Genesis Weapon was rare, there was no regret in Zhou Yuan. As the saying went, only what suited oneself was the most powerful after all. Moreover, the fact that Su Youwei had been able to chosen by a Heaven Genesis Weapon was something that made him rather happy.
After all, landing in Su Youwei’s hands was countless times better than landing in the hands of an enemy.
“Can you summon the Yangming Sword for us to see?” Zhou Yuan was instead more interested in the strength of this Heaven Genesis Weapon. Although his Heavenly Yuan Brush used to be a Sacred Genesis Weapon, only its second rune had been awakened. Hence, it had only reached the low grade Black Genesis Weapon level.
In comparison, if news of such a Heaven Genesis Weapon spread, let alone the Alpha-Origin experts of the Great Zhou Empire, even the experts from other empires would flood towards this place. After all, a Heaven Genesis Weapon would raise one’s battle power to an astonishing level.
Su Youwei tried for a while, but ultimately shook her head. “The sword seems to have fallen into dormant state and cannot be summoned for now.”
Zhou Yuan felt some regret after hearing this, but did not insist. Instead, his gaze turned towards the third jade case.
“I wonder what kind of treasure is in this last case.”
This time, Zhou Yuan was even more careful. Genesis Qi circulated within him and he prepared the best he could before very carefully lifting the lid of the third jade case.
Unexpectedly, nothing happened when the jade case was opened. Only when the case was fully open did the trio finally see a silver ball lying within it.
After closer inspection, the trio realised that this round silver ball was made from a silver liquid which flowed continuously as if it had a mind of its own.
Zhou Yuan curiously asked, “What is this?”
Yaoyao analyzed it as interest emerged in her eyes. “What a marvelous thing. There seem to be many Genesis Runes within the liquid.”
“Eh?” Zhou Yuan was taken aback. Genesis Qi surged in his eyes as he too discovered the extremely tiny Genesis Runes within the silver liquid.
“Inscribe Genesis Runes on liquid?” Su Youwei was likewise full of amazement. Just how good did one need to be to achieve such a feat?
Zhou Yuan asked in bewilderment, “Then… what’s the function of this thing?”
Yaoyao was silent for a moment before she said, “Drip a drop of blood on it and see what happens?”
Zhou Yuan hesitated a little. He then gritted his teeth and bit open a tiny hole at the tip of his finger. A drop of fresh blood fell and landed on the ball made from silver liquid.
The trio’s eyes were tightly fixed onto the ball as the drop of blood swiftly fused into the silver liquid.
Buzz!
Light suddenly surged within the silver liquid as it slowly rose into the air. Silver water flowed downwards and gradually transformed into a set of silver battle armor that covered every part of the body.
Genesis Runes flickered on the battle armor, making it appear rather mysterious.
A flabbergasted Zhou Yuan stared at the silver battle armor. It gave off a formidable and cold aura, every part seemingly filled with killing intent, while a faint pressure spread, causing one’s heart to beat a little faster.
“What the hell is this thing?”
“A transforming battle armor?”

