Chapter 246 Obtaining Victory
Swish!
Every gaze in the area was focused on a single thing. Zhou Yuan fully ethereal figure shot forth like a shadow as a seemingly entire sky’s worth of Genesis Qi knives continuously swept past his body. This time however, the knives seemed to be piercing through mist, unable to amount to much of a hindrance or do any harm to Zhou Yuan.
The second level of the Ethereal Form technique had allowed Zhou Yuan’s body to turn completely ethereal. He was now akin to a bundle of mist, ungraspable and formless.
His speed had also rose to an alarming level. Numerous disciples could only see a blur shoot past, unable to make out Zhou Yuan’s figure.
In the short span of a dozen breaths, the gap between Zhou Yuan and Zhu Yue rapidly shrunk.
The activity from behind was also detected by Zhu Yue at this moment. His gaze swept back, only to be scared stuff, horror and disbelief filling his eyes.
“How is this possible?! How can his body fully etherealize?!” Howls of terror and shock rang out in Zhu Yue’s heart.
How could it not know that the full etheralization of the body was a mark of stepping in the second level of the Ethereal Form technique.
Which was to say, Zhou Yuan had already unblocked 72 apertures!
But how could this be?! How long had Zhou Yuan practiced the Ethereal Form technique? Was his talent really at such a monsterous level?
Although Zhu Yue had borrowed the power of the Level Breaker Pill to forcibly raise the level of his Ethereal Form technique, it was for one only temporary, second, it had only allowed him to come very close to the second level of the Ethereal Form technique.
There was still a gap between this and the true second level.
Zhu Yue’s face began to warp and distort, evidently overwhelmed by this information.
“Impossible! Absolutely impossible! It must be some kind of trick!” Howled Zhu Yue in his heart. The Genesis Qi in his body quickly began to circulate even faster, pouring all of its power into the Ethereal Form technique as he frantically dashed towards the peak.
The peak was almost within reach, and he had to reach it first at any cost. If not, he would surely become a laughing stock.
Zhu Yue became quicker and quicker, as if squeezing out every ounce of his potential, as he headed straight towards the peak.
When the numerous gazes saw that Zhu Yue was about to reach the peak, their hearts leaped to their throats, clearly very anxious.
“I’m going to win!”
“As long as I reach the peak first, I will have won this match!”
Zhu Yue’s eyes were tightly glued to the rapidly approaching peak. At this current time, nothing else could enter his eyes.
The peak grew closer and closer.
A hundred feet… sixty feet… thirty feet… ten feet...
An almost crazed smile slowly began to emerge from the corners of his lips as the tree at the peak was reflected in his eyes. No matter what happened, he would be able to take everything back as long as he won this match!
So what if you have insane talent? I’m the one who will be winning this match!
However, when he was only a few feet from the peak, he suddenly heard the piercing sound of rushing wind behind him. The corners of his eyes twitched as his gaze swept to his back, causing his entire body to turn cold as he saw a blurry ethereal figure rapidly approach from behind as if riding on a cloud. In the end, the figure brushed past him in a single step.
Their gazes seemed to meet in that very moment.
However, Zhu Yue’s was filled with terror, while Zhou Yuan’s remained chilly, not even the slightest ripple to be seen.
“NOOO!”
A cry of misery erupted from Zhu Yue’s mouth.
But Zhou Yuan’s ethereal figure had already taken the next step, reaching the peak of the majestic verdant mountain as countless gasps and cries sounded.
At the peak was a giant boulder on which Zhou Yuan now stood. His ethereal body gradually returned to normal as he looked down from above, the view of the countless figures dotting the surroundings of the mountain entering his eyes.
The instant Zhou Yuan stood on the peak, Zhu Yue’s body stiffened. He stood there, merely a few feet from Zhou Yuan, a dull look in his eyes and his face deathly pale.
He never imagined that he would actually lose.
In the air, Chen Yuan’s expression had also turned a little ugly at this scene. The corners of his mouth twitched as he cursed inside, “Useless trash!”
This outcome had also exceeded his expectations.
Woah!
The vicinity of the mountain was silent for an instant before cries of surprise swept across the sky and land. Stunned looks could be seen on every disciple. They too had not expected the ultimate winner to be Zhou Yuan...
An outer mountain disciple had beaten an inner mountain disciple in a Genesis technique match?
This was something that had never happened before in the Cangxuan Sect...
The sight of the young figure that stood atop the peak made even the proud Shengzhou disciple click their tongues in wonder at this moment. Although they were somewhat unwilling to accept it, the young man from a remote continent had indeed obtained a beautiful victory today.
“Wow, this guy is a little too amazing!” Han Qiushui’s hands were cupping her pretty face, a tiny trace of admiration in her watery eyes as she dazedly stared at Zhou Yuan’s figure.
After all, they clearly understood how difficult it was to win an inner mountain disciple even in a Genesis technique match.
Gu Hongyi’s snow-whtie chin nodded faintly, a slight smile flowing out from the corners of her lips. Zhou Yuan’s performance was indeed breathtaking.
On the huge tree, Zong Ming stood up and moved, appearing directly at the peak. His gaze swept across the deathly pale Zhu Yue as he announced, “The winner of this match is Zhou Yuan.”
“From today onwards, Zhou Yuan will have the right to teach the Ethereal Form technique, while Zhu Yue will be stripped of his Ethereal Form technique instructor status.”
“You shall return to the inner mountains tomorrow.”
Zong Ming looked towards Zhu Yue and indifferently said, “Besides this, you broke the rules during the match, so make sure to receive your punishment at the disciplinary hall.”
He had obviously caught Zhu Yue using a pill during the match.
Zhu Yue’s body shook as his complexion paled even further. In the end, his legs turned to jelly as he crumpled to the ground.
He never imagined that he would face such a complete defeat this time.
As Zong Ming’s voice sounded across the mountains, numerous cheers began to erupt from the surroundings. The disciples that were hoping to receive tutelage from Zhou Yuan even more excited and elated.
The other disciples sighed inside. Zhou Yuan was going to become famous after this match. It was likely that no one in the entire outer mountains would continue to look down on him.
Yang Xiu looked towards Zhou Yuan with interest as he listened to the cheers that filled the skies. Soon after, he sighed and said, “He does have some ability. If it were a real fight, his speed will be rather troublesome.”
Lu Feng’s expression remained indifferent. He looked towards Gu Hongyi below, and just happened to catch sight of her looking at Zhou Yuan’s figure with a smile. The former’s expression immediately sunk a little.
He had used numerous methods in an attempt to deepen their relationship, but there was ultimately no progress. Gu Hongyi did not seem to have any feelings for him.
Although he did not know whether Gu Hongyi was really interested in Zhou Yuan, Lu Feng did not like this attitude she had towards him… because Lu Feng himself had never experienced the same thing before.
Lu Feng raised his head, looking towards the figure on the peak as his expression darkened slightly. “Zhou Yuan, there are certain things that someone like you does not have the right to even think about… the most important thing for anyone is to know one’s place.”
“You had best not provoke me.”

