Chapter 76 Opening the Qi Dwelling
Golden light emerged like a rising sun and immediately spread, causing the purple light to recede as it was replaced by gold that now filled the entire Qi Dwelling.
Thus, the Qi Dwelling became a resplendent gold, an impressive look indeed.
“It’s… it’s a gold Qi Dwelling?!”
Zhou Yuan blankly stared at the resplendent gold Qi Dwelling. Such an outcome had never occurred even in his wildest dreams!
He had originally hoped for a purple Qi Dwelling, satisfied as long as he could reach the same level as Su Youwei.
Yet, he would never have expected that the breath of Source Genesis Qi in the depths of his Qi Dwelling would cause the rank of his Qi Dwelling to rise a level.
Zhou Yuan’s heart overflowed with joy and excitement. The rank of a Qi Dwelling not only determined its potential growth, but was also able to raise the quality of his Genesis Qi.
For someone with a gold Qi Dwelling, even if he were to cultivate grade 2 Genesis Qi, his output power would be greater than someone with a green Qi Dwelling and grade 3 Genesis Qi.
Zhou Yuan mumbled to himself in surprise, “Never imagined that I would open a golden Qi Dwelling.”
Gold light swam in the Qi Dwelling. Under its shine, the flowing Genesis Qi grew more compact and powerful.
While Zhou Yuan was immersed in joy due to the golden Qi Dwelling, he did not realise that the lump of blood-red Dragon’s Resentment Poison on his palm had suddenly began to squirm.
Hss hss!
A strange sound echoed within the golden Qi Dwelling as wisps of blood mist emerged from an unknown place and began to flood into the Qi Dwelling
It was then that Zhou Yuan finally realised what was happening. His heart shook when he saw the invading blood mist as a horrified cry rang out in his heart.
“This… it’s the Dragon’s Resentment Poison?!”
A dragon roar filled with bitter resentment spread from within the blood mist as blood colored light surged out. Like a virus, it swiftly spread across the golden Qi Dwelling.
Zhou Yuan was horrified by this sudden turn of events.
Never would he have expected that the almost six months dormant Dragon’s Resentment Poison in his body would suddenly emerge and slip into his Qi Dwelling when it was formed.
Zhou Yuan anxiously watched the inside of the Qi Dwelling.
As the blood light spread, the golden light in the Qi Dwelling began to fade as it gradually fused with the blood light. In the end, the entire Qi Dwelling had become bright red.
Bizarre and mysterious.
Zhou Yuan was taken aback once again. A blood-red Qi Dwelling?
What the heck was this? I’ve never heard of such a thing!
“That blasted Dragon’s Resentment Poison!” Zhou Yuan howled in his heart. Just a touch from that blasted Dragon’s Resentment Poison had turned his beloved golden Qi dwelling into this blood-red Qi Dwelling which he had never heard of before.
In the room, Zhou Yuan opened his eyes, his face an ugly greenish-white.
He deeply breathed in, pushing down the rage in his heart as he began to very carefully inspect the Qi Dwelling in his body. If there were any problems with it, it would undoubtedly become a huge hindrance to his cultivation.
Fortunately, he did not find anything wrong. In fact, the amount of Genesis Qi the Qi Dwelling could hold seemed to have risen somewhat compared to when it was gold in color.
However, Zhou Yuan did not dare to relax. His frowned deeply as he summoned Genesis Qi from his hand with a thought.
Normally speaking, the Genesis Qi of those who had yet to learn any Qi cultivation methods was as clear as water. Yet, when Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi came surging out, he discovered a faint strand of blood-red flowing within it.
The strand of blood-red was very familiar to Zhou Yuan. It was the Dragon’s Resentment Poison.
The Dragon’s Resentment Poison had been fused into his Genesis Qi? What the heck was this? Dragon poison Qi?
“Unbelievable!” Zhou Yuan was at a complete loss, evidently unable to understand why such a change had occurred. Although he did know if this was detrimental for the time being, at the very least… he could feel that the Genesis Qi that had now been tinged with a hint of Dragon’s Resentment Poison seemed to have become much fiercer in nature.
Zhou Yuan had after all personally experienced how domineering the Dragon’s Resentment Poison was.
Zhou Yuan felt really weary inside.
This new Qi Dwelling had given him three waves of surprise. First it was purple, then gold and now a blood-red color he had never encountered before…
“I’ll ask big sis Yaoyao tomorrow…”
Unable to come to a conclusion, Zhou Yuan could only release a pained sigh.
…
The next day.
Everyone was stunned when Zhou Yuan walked out of the inn. They could clearly feel that the Genesis Qi undulations surrounding Zhou Yuan’s body had become far stronger than yesterday.
Wei Canglan asked in surprise, “Your highness has broken through to the Qi Nourishing stage?”
Wei Qingqing also looked towards Zhou Yuan in amazement.
“I had a breakthrough yesterday.” Zhou Yuan smiled and nodded.
Su Youwei’s eyes were filled with astonishment as she said, “Your highness is truly impressive. In less than a year, you grew from someone who was unable to find his meridian channels to the Qi Nourishing stage. In fact, you’re practically at my heels.”
In contrast, Yaoyao took another look at Zhou Yuan as a puzzled look flitted across her clear eyes.
Because there were to many people present, Zhou Yuan did not approach her with his problem. Instead, he faced everyone and said, “If all the preparations are done, let’s move out.”
The group nodded and quickly mounted their horses, subsequently transforming into a flood as they surged out Devil Prison City, heading in the direction of the Battle Puppet Sect ruins.
Along the way, Zhou Yuan found a chance to secretly pull Yaoyao to one side and explain in detail what had happened with an agonized face.
“Blood-red Qi Dwelling?” Yaoyao was stunned after hearing the details. It was obvious that she too had never heard of such a thing.
“It should be because of the Dragon’s Resentment Poison, but this may not be a bad thing. Your Qi Dwelling is still basically a golden Qi Dwelling, and was only transformed into such a state because the Dragon’s Resentment Poison mixed itself in.”
“As for whether there will be any problems, I cannot say for sure. You can only try to pay extra attention in future.”
In response to her answer, there was nothing Zhou Yuan could do but nod his head.
“I guess that’s the only thing to do.”
…
While Zhou Yuan’s group was rushing towards the Battle Puppet Sect ruins, in Devil Prison City, Qi Hao, the Black Venom King and the rest of the group were ready to set off. Genesis Qi churned around the over hundred men group, testament to their eliteness.
After listening to a report, Qi Hao sad to the Black Venom King, “Zhou Yuan has already left earlier.”
The Black Venom King nonchalantly replied, “The ruins are layered in danger and there is no advantage for them even if they arrive first. Why not let them help us clear the path.”
He paused for a moment, staring at Qi Hao as he continued, “On another note, you mentioned that you prepared a little special something for this mission, exactly what did you prepare?”
Qi Hao smiled faintly. “You’ll find out when the time comes. Don’t worry, with us joining hands, Zhou Yuan and Wei Canglan will not be able to leave Blackwater.”
The smile on his lips gradually turned malicious.
“The only thing that awaits them is death!”

