Chapter 265 Arrival of the Ceremony
The next day. Sunlight sprinkled down on the cool morning air, gradually chasing away the darkness that had enveloped the land.
After a night of silence, the entire outer mountains seemed to suddenly come awake, bursting with torrents of excitement and anticipation. Like a cold water that was splashed into a deep fryer, noise instantly broke apart the silence.
Boiling battle intent filled every inch of the outer mountains.
All because today was the day of the peak selection ceremony.
Numerous disciples had come here from various continents in Cangxuan Heaven. After months of training, they had gradually begun to grow accustomed to life in the Cangxuan Sect, while also sampling the cultivation resources available here.
It was here that they could finally see how grand the road of cultivation was.
As long as they could step onto it, they may have the chance to laugh arrogantly even at the entire world and tower over even the mighty heroes, becoming a true dragon amongst men.
However, the peak selection ceremony was currently the biggest obstacle standing in their path.
Only by crossing it would they enter the inner mountains, and finally come into contact with the grand road of cultivation.
Hence, every single disciple had given their all for the past three months, investing everything into raising their strength. Everything was for the sole sake of performing will during the peak selection ceremony today, and become the carp that manages to leap through the dragon’s gate.
As such, when the battle intent that had been brewing for three months finally exploded, the Genesis Qi in the outer mountains seemed to respond, beginning to heave agitatedly...
After three entire months of waiting, the peak selection ceremony was finally here.
…
“All disciples listen, immediately begin your preparations to follow me to the location of the peak selection ceremony!”
Amplified by surging Genesis Qi, a powerful voice thundered across every corner of the outer mountains.
Countless disciples began to flood out one after another. When they raised their heads and looked, they found Chen Yuan standing on a Genesis Qi cloud with two elders behind him, their hands behind their backs. One of them was elder Zong Ming.
Moments after Chen Yuan’s voice sounded, countless light figures began to shoot out from the outer mountains, an extremely busy sight indeed.
Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao also walked out from a certain little house on a particular mountain.
Zhou Yuan gazed upon the practically boiling world around him as he felt the blood within his body begin to burn. He too had been looking forward to the peak selection ceremony ever since three months ago.
“Let’s go.”
He shot a look at Yaoyao, before Genesis Qi begin rising under their feet, carrying the two individuals into the sky.
While the two of them rose in the air, a cloud of Genesis Qi also rose nearby on which stood Gu Hongyi. When she saw Yaoyao and Zhou Yuan, her gaze could not help but linger a little more on Yaoyao.
Gu Hongyi soon looked towards Zhou Yuan and said, “I’ve heard Lu Xuanyin was pretty angered by last night’s events. Lu Feng will not let you off during the peak selection ceremony today.”
It seems that she had already found out about the events that happened the night before.
Likewise, she also knew that Yaoyao would not interfere in the battle between Zhou Yuan and Lu Feng.
If so, Lu Feng would definitely blame everything on Zhou Yuan. When they fought, the former would surely show no mercy.
Zhou Yuan could naturally hear the warning in Gu Hongyi’s words. He smiled and nodded. “Relax, I know what I have to do.”
“Then I’ll be looking forward to seeing your abilities today.” Gu Hongyi laughed, not saying anything more. With a tiny stamp of her foot, Genesis Qi rose as she headed off first.
Yaoyao watched her fiery-red figure leave, before looking towards Zhou Yuan and suddenly remarking, “You’re quite  a player, it’s only been three months and someone has already become so concerned about you.”
Zhou Yuan was instantly embarrassed by her words. “We’re only friends!”
Yaoyao did not comment, her red lips merely curling slightly.
“Young brother Yuan!”
A voice was suddenly heard from behind at this moment. Zhou Yuan turned his head, and saw a dozen figures fly over on Genesis Qi. It was Qiao Xiu, Zhao Kun, Song Wanxi and the rest.
At this current moment, their expressions were tinged with anticipation while burning battle intent filled their eyes.
However, their excitedness dimmed somewhat when they caught sight of Yaoyao as they solemnly cupped their fists together towards her. After last night, all of them now knew just who was the most terrifying person in the outer mountains...
“Let’s go together.”
Zhou Yuan grinned. Without further ado, he waved his sleeve and led the way.
Behind him, Qiao Xiu and gang immediately followed, their Genesis Qi akin to vast sea of clouds.
Not long after they left, another group menacingly charged out from the vast sea of people, causing numerous disciples to quickly give way.
At their head was naturally the extraordinary Lu Feng, dressed in his usual white.
Many of the figures behind him belonged to the elites amongst the outer mountain disciples. When gathered together, their presence was naturally able to sweep everyone else away.
However, when the group caught sight of Yaoyao, their originally domineering presence weakened substantially as they hurriedly avoided her gaze, not daring to even entertain the thought of provoking her. Instead, they cast hostile gazes towards Zhou Yuan and the rest.
Zhou Yuan naturally ignored them, leading his group as they followed far behind Chen Yuan.
The mountain range rapidly fly past below their feet. After an incense stick of time, Chen Yuan and the two outer mountain elders gradually slowed down.
The gazes of Zhou Yuan and the rest looked to their front, before their expression violently shook.
One would see seemingly endless rays of light spreading from the sky high above the numerous majestic peaks. The light seemingly converged into a giant golden pyramid that towered over the land.
However, if one were to take a closer look, one would discover many wide and spacious stone platforms within the pyramid of light.
There were a total of 9999 stone platforms.
These stone platforms gathered together, forming the shape of a pyramid.
The higher up on the pyramid, the wider the stone platforms. At the apex were nine stone platforms that glowed with a silver radiance, as if they had been made from silver.
Above these nine silver stone platforms was a stone platform that captured everyone’s attention, a stone platform that dazzled like gold.
It clear as day. Only the number one individual of the peak selection ceremony would be able to ascend the golden platform.
At this moment, Zong Ming and the other elder suddenly raised their heads, looking towards a certain direction as their voices echoed across the place, “Disciples, get ready to greet sect master and the peak masters.”
Upon hearing this voice, the hearts of every disciple shook, respect rising in their eyes as they looked towards the sky.
The only ones whom the two outer mountain elders would treat in such a manner were naturally the sect master and the seven peak masters...
Under the numerous respectful gazes from the disciples, layers upon layers of Genesis Qi clouds suddenly appeared far away as a boundless presence unfurled from the horizon.
The Genesis Qi cloud layers seemed stir the surrounding space, appearing in the vicinity after several breaths.
As the clouds churned, millions and millions of light rays seemed to shine across the land.
The disciples looked towards the clouds, finding six figures seated within. Even space itself seemed tremble under their gazes as they sat there like gods, possessing power that could shake the land.
Zhou Yuan’s heart shuddered as he gazed upon the six imposing figures. Although he had seen patriarch Cang Xuan before, he had been incomplete. The six figures before his eyes, however, truly gave off an aura of terrifying power.
Such power seemed to be capable of bringing about armageddon.
“This… is this the strength of the sect master and the peak masters…”

