Chapter 155 Zhou Yuan VS Xiao Tianxuan
In the mountain forest. Magma flowed along the long spear in Xiao Tianxuan’s hand as he pointed it at Zhou Yuan while Genesis Qi churned in the sky above, forming a giant fiery-red cloud. Berserk and searing undulations spread from within it. Xiao Tianxuan had yet to attack, but the pressure from him had already exceeded the bald man from earlier. “As expected of Saint Remains City’s junior city lord.” Numerous figures whispered inside the mountain forest. There was no need to question Xiao Tianxuan’s strength. He was an elite even amongst the many prided geniuses. The current him had already reached the peak of the advance Heaven Gate stage, and was much stronger than ordinary advance Heaven Gate experts. “I’m afraid that Zhou Yuan will not be able to flaunt his power like before.” It was true. When you compared the two, Xiao Tianxuan was clearly superior. He was at the peak of the advance Heaven Gate stage, wielded a high grade Black Genesis Weapon, and had numerous tricks up his sleeves. No matter how one looked at it, Xiao Tianxuan’s chances at victory were higher. “Humph, let’s see who will save you this time.” Iciness flowed in Gu Ling’s eyes. She had originally believed that it would be easy to deal with Zhou Yuan, but the latter just seemed to become more and more of a problem. In the end, even Xiao Tianxuan had been forced to personally take action. However, it was over now. Gu Ling looked towards the remaining few Saint Remains squad members and coldly said, “Block off all of his escape paths. He will not be allowed to flee this time.” The remaining few members had already completely cast their lot in with Xiao Tianxuan. Hence, all of them nodded after hearing Gu Ling's words before dispersing in all directions, sealing every path of escape available to Zhou Yuan. On the mountain top, Zhou Yuan merely calmly watched them do so, not seeming to care at all. His gaze soon locked onto Xiao Tianxuan. The strength displayed by the latter was indeed far beyond regular Heaven Gate experts. The fire of battle intent slowly rose in Zhou Yuan's eyes. Before his cultivation breakthrough, his chances of victory against an opponent at Xiao Tianxuan's level were naturally slim, but now… it was going to be very different. "Martial form." The Heavenly Yuan Brush in Zhou Yuan's hand began to grow, the snow-white hairs of the brush tip tightly clenching together into the sharp tip of a spear that flickered with a chilling light. Dark gold Genesis Qi also began to swirl around Zhou Yuan like a storm, turning all the rocks in the vicinity to dust… Xiao Tianxuan's tightly gripped his spear as he coldly said, "I will let you know that your 400 feet tall Genesis Qi is not enough to permit such arrogance before me!" Swish! The instant he finished speaking, Xiao Tianxuan's figure abruptly shot forward, his figure blinking from place to place before arriving in front of Zhou Yuan. The former's spear shook, transforming into countless flashes of scarlet-red light that seemed to cover the sky as they engulfed Zhou Yuan, targeting his vitals. Formidable, deadly, ruthless. However, Zhou Yuan merely let out a prolonged laugh in response, no fear whatsoever as the Heavenly Yuan Brush thrusted forward to meet the attack head on. A dark gold radiance curled around the brush tip like a thousand stars. Clang clang! Spear and brush clashed, sparks flying with loud clangs. Genesis Qi rippled violently every time they met, shaking the surrounding air. In a short span of a dozen breaths, the two had already exchanged dozens of blows. Every strike ruthless without the slightest shred of mercy. Clang! Spear and brush collided, only to be pushed back once again. Zhou Yuan's arm suddenly jerked as the brush tip transformed into a stream of white that swiftly shot forward, stabbing towards Xiao Tianxuan's throat at a tricky angle. However, just as the attack was about to land, a spear pierced towards it, slightly changing the trajectory of the white hairs. Zhou Yuan's expression was icy. With a thought, the snow-white hairs suddenly scattered, transforming into countless strings that seemed to cover the sky as they descended, aimed at every inch of Xiao Tianxuan's body. "What a bizarre Genesis Weapon!" Xiao Tianxuan's pupils tightened slightly. Zhou Yuan's black brush Genesis Weapon was extremely strange. Its white hairs could take in numerous forms at any moment, making it very challenging to counter. However, Xiao Tianxuan was no weakling. With a jerk of the Flame Devil Spear in his hand, scarlet-red magma began to rise from it, forming a shield of boiling magma in front of him. Ding ding! Countless snow-white hairs stabbed at the magma, but all were repelled in the end. Zhou Yuan's and Xiao Tianxuan's figures were simultaneously blown backwards. Xiao Tianxuan's expression was grave, the Flame Devil Spear drawing a long scar on the ground. Opposite him, Zhou Yuan drifted backwards while the snow-white hairs rapidly gathered back to the tip of the brush, pointing towards the ground at an angle... The attacks of both parties had been vicious in their previous clash. However, every attack had ultimately been blocked. The pupils of everyone watching the fight shrank slightly at this moment, evidently surprised that Zhou Yuan did not seem to be at a disadvantage even against a peak advance Heaven Gate expert like Xiao Tianxuan. "I've truly underestimated you. To be capable of so much at the initial Heaven Gate stage is remarkable... " Xiao Tianxuan's eyes lowered slightly, his tone indifferent as he continued, "If given some time, I'm afraid that even Wu Huang will not hold much superiority against you… your talent is truly terrifying." "In fact, I've begun to believe it now." Zhou Yuan's eyebrows raised slightly. "Believe what?" Xiao Tianxuan calmly answered, "Believe that you really are the so-called sacred dragon of the Zhou clan, and that Wu Huang had merely stolen your blessing, allowing him to reach where he is today." Zhou Yuan smiled but did not comment. "However… " Xiao Tianxuan paused, an extremely dangerous look emerging in his eyes as he stared at Zhou Yuan. "That is also why I've decided that it will be best to kill you here." Zhou Yuan chuckled. "I'm afraid that you're not that capable." Xiao Tianxuan flatly responded, "I know that you obtained that little Heaven Genesis technique, but I also know that you have not learnt it." Zhou Yuan's eyes narrowed slightly. "The requirements to learn a little Heaven Genesis technique are exceedingly stringent, plus your focus has been on breaking through into the Heaven Gate stage while hiding here for the for the past few days, and you naturally did not have the time nor conditions. Therefore, you cannot possibly have learnt it." Xiao Tianxuan's calm explanation was filled with certainty. Zhou Yuan slowly replied, "You are pretty smart." It was indeed as Xiao Tianxuan had guessed. Although Zhou Yuan knew how to practice the little Heaven Genesis technique, Great Wind and Thunder, he had yet to learn it. Xiao Tianxuan laughed, his hand slowly tightening around the long scarlet-red spear as a toying look surfaced in his eyes. "It's just such a pity, you don't have a little Heaven Genesis technique… but…" The Genesis Qi around him began to churn violently at this moment, akin to a scarlet-red storm as it swept outwards, while astonishing ripples pulsed from his body. The ground below his feet began to tremble. "But I have one!" Shocked gaze after gaze watched as scarlet-red Genesis Qi shot out from the top of Xiao Tianxuan's head, culminating into a giant halo. An almighty and frightening pressure pulsed. As Zhou Yuan gazed at the scarlet halo, his eyes narrowed.

