Chapter 151 Saint Tablet
In a certain cave deep within the mountains.
Zhou Yuan was seated on a rock, his eyes lightly shut. The white Genesis bead he had swallowed previously had already landed in his Qi Dwelling and was currently giving off a seemingly endless stream of Genesis Qi that was ultimately refined by the Omni Python Qi.
Zhou Yuan could feel the Genesis Qi in his Qi Dwelling growing more and more abundant.
“It should be about time for a breakthrough.”
Mumbled Zhou Yuan to himself. He opened his eyes and cast a glance at the cave entrance which he had blocked with a giant rock. In addition, he had inscribed several Genesis Runes on it that could conceal Genesis Qi undulations. He believed that this was enough to ensure his safety.
There was no way that Xiao Tianxuan would let this matter rest, and he would definitely lead a search in the mountains. However, there were many mountains in the area and together with the concealing Genesis Runes, Xiao Tianxuan should not be able to locate him.
Zhou Yuan let out an icy chuckle. Without any further hesitation, he closed his eyes again and turned his attention towards his Qi Dwelling, controlling the Omni Python Qi to devour every strand of pure Genesis Qi.
The surging Genesis Qi around him began to rise steadily.
...
Meanwhile, at another location in the same mountains.
Xiao Tianxuan gazed at the vast mountain range before him, his expression white with anger. They had spent a good part of the day searching, only to end up with no results, It was as if Zhou Yuan had vanished into thin air.
“Bastard!” Cracking sounds emerged from Xiao Tianxuan’s fists, the rage in his heart on the verge of making him turn crazy.
This was the first time he had been toyed with in such a manner, and it was even by a Qi Nourishing stage trash!
“No need to worry, he cannot hide for long.” Gu Ling consoled from the side. A vicious look flashed in her eyes as she said, “We can spread the news that Zhou Yuan has obtained a little Heaven Genesis technique. He is merely at the Qi Nourishing stage, and I’m sure that many people will soon become interested in him.”
Xiao Tianxuan suppressed his anger, his eyes narrowing slightly. In the end, he nodded his head. “Alright. Since he dares to snatch away what’s mine, I will let him become the focus of everyone’s attention and ensure he will no longer have any peace!”
“Besides this, I want to issue a bounty. Anyone that kills Zhou Yuan will be rewarded 3 million Genesis crystals!”
A savage smile was revealed on Xiao Tianxuan’s face. Once Zhou Yuan dared to reveal himself, he will be plagued with an endless amount of trouble.
Gu Ling nodded with a slight smile. She lifted her gaze and looked towards the depths of the mountains. Zhou Yuan might think that playing fisherman was fun, but little did he know how much trouble was waiting for him once the fisherman was exposed.
If he wanted to blame someone, he should blame his own lack of strength. So weak and yet still daring to seize a little Heaven Genesis technique.
Bzz!
While the two were conversing, they suddenly sensed a strange disturbance from high up in the sky. They immediately lifted their heads in astonishment, only to discover thousands of light rays converging in the sky high above them, transforming into an enormous stone tablet.
“What is that?!”
Xiao Tianxuan involuntarily cried out. The stone tablet seemed to be extremely far away, but when they looked at it with their eyes, it was clearly visible. It was a magical feeling.
Gu Ling also stared in astonishment at the stone tablet that had suddenly appeared in the sky. At closer observation, she remarked, “There seems to be some words on the stone tablet.”
Xiao Tianxuan also focused. Sure enough, he saw several ancient looking words; Those that can leave their names on the tablet will be allowed to enter the sacred land.
At the top of the tablet were three words; distinguished battle achievements.
Xiao Tianxuan’s heart shook violently, his eyes suddenly turning incomparably hot. “Sacred land?! I once heard father mention a certain area that exists within the Saint Remains Domain called the sacred land. It is there that the greatest gift of the Saint Remains Domain is hidden!”
“But it has never appeared before, why has it appeared now?”
Gu Ling covered her red lips in shock.
Gu Ling could not help but mumble, “Those that can leave their names on the tablet, what does this mean? How would one leave one’s name?”
Xiao Tianxuan pondered for a while, before he slowly said, “If I’m not wrong, it should refer to the distinguished battle achievements…”
“Distinguished battle achievements?” Gu Ling frowned.
Xiao Tianxuan nodded. “The Saint Remains Domain originated from the blood of a Saint and is filled with mysteries and wonder. The Saint Tablet that has appeared should be able to sense everything that happens in the entire Saint Remains Domain.”
“Which is to say, only those whom the Saint Tablet judges to have distinguishable battle achievements will have the right to have their names on the tablet and be allowed into the sacred land.”
The gazes of the other prided geniuses beside Xiao Tianxuan also began to burn with excitement. The sacred land contained the greatest gift. If they could enter and obtain it, it would be akin to soaring straight into the heavens.
“It seems that we’ll have to find out what is considered a distinguished battle achievement…”
Mumbled Xiao Tianxuan. However, a vicious look soon appeared in his eyes.
“But before that, we should first focus on dealing with Zhou Yuan.”
...
Practically every individual in the entire Saint Remains Domain had sensed the appearance of the Saint Tablet in the sky high above them, causing them to raise their heads.
The ancient words on the stone tablet was likewise clearly seen by everyone.
The entire Saint Remains Domain began to boil with excitement, the eyes of countless prided geniuses burning with anticipation. All of them clearly understood what it meant to enter the sacred land. Only there would the greatest gift be found.
Therefore, countless prided geniuses began to rack their brains. How distinguished did the so-called battle achievements had to be?
...
At a certain area of the Saint Remains Domain.
Beside a clear stream, a figure with matchless looks was currently extending her bare feet into the stream, gently dipping into its cool waters, her pretty eyes shut in enjoyment.
This familiar appearance, who else could it be but Yaoyao.
At this current moment, her long black hair was hanging down over her back, reaching her slender waist. She enjoyed the cool waters for a while, before unhurriedly raising her head and gazing at the Saint Tablet in the sky above.
“Distinguished battle achievements?”
Yaoyao lazily stretched her back as she mumbled to herself, “I wonder how Zhou Yuan is doing. Hope that he hasn’t ended up stuck somewhere again after offending someone.”
Soon after, she lightly shook her head. “Shan’t think about him first, and deal with my own matters.”
Her slender body rose, clothes whiter than snow appearing as her features turned to a mix of pretty and handsome again. It was truly the perfect pretty boy young master.
However, a certain iciness was currently gathering in the mysterious and aloof eyes of the pretty boy young master. Bright rays appeared on her clean clear forehead as an incomparably powerful Spirit ripple slowly pulsed outwards.
The stream below her feet seemed to become extremely silent at this moment, the little waves within seeming to bow down while cowering.
Yaoyao slowly turned around as she looked towards the sky nearby where scarlet-red Qi was streaking across the horizon in a dignified and domineering manner.
Yaoyao icily gazed at the scarlet-red Qi. A finger suddenly extended and gently pointed in the air.
Plop!
An invisible Spirit ripple suddenly exploded, transforming into a berserk wave of Spirit energy that blasted at the scarlet-red Qi.
Bzz!
The sky seemed to shudder for a moment, before the scarlet-red Qi descended from the sky, ultimately landing on a mountain top near the stream.
The scarlet-red Qi slowly receded, revealing a figure in golden robes. It was Wu Huang!
Wu Huang was expressionless as he lowered his head. His pupils tightened slightly as he looked towards Yaoyao and slowly said, “Why did you stop me?”
Yaoyao stared at Wu Huang, the iciness in her pupils more than enough to freeze the entire stream.
“Don’t you like causing trouble… now, let me cause some trouble for you.”
Yaoyao’s voice was clear, without the slightest hint of any emotion. She thought for a while, before she continued, “At the same time, I also want to know if defeating you will count as a distinguished battle achievement.”
The moment her words faded, her long sleeves trembled faintly as scroll after scroll appeared in front of her, astonishing Genesis Qi slowly spreading from each one.

