Chapter 167 Battling Zhu Ying
“Zhu Ying? Dongxuan Continent?”
Zhou Yuan and Luluo’s expression slightly changed at this moment.
Zhou Yuan stared at the red-haired girl called Zhu Ying, frowning as he said, “Looks like your Dongxuan Continent has been eyeing our Cangmang Continent’s Saint Remains Domain for a long time.”
The other party's timing had been impeccable, secretly slipping into the Saint Remains Domain through some unknown method the moment it opened. This clearly meant that they had been planning this operation for a long time.
"Humph, Dongxuan rat, why did you attack me?" Luluo's face was rather unfriendly as she stared at Zhu Ying.
"To leave my name on the Saint Tablet of course." Zhu Ying softly chuckled. "Your Cangmang Continent does not have many decent apex level geniuses, leaving me no choice but to seek you out."
"The likes of you? Little Frost, go mess her up!" Luluo let out an icy laugh. She was clearly infuriated by the red-haired girl's earlier actions, and did not want to waste anymore time talking.
EE!
Little Frost flapped its wings, immediately causing icy Genesis Qi to gather towards it. It was a domineering and impressive sight, even the air began to freeze into countless ice crystals.
Swish!
Little Frost transformed into a flash of cold light that shot towards Zhu Ying at an astonishing speed.
The corners of Zhu Ying’s red lips curled slightly, the tip of her foot pushing off the ground as her body rose into the air. Meanwhile, scarlet light shot out from her sleeve like a coiling fire python.
Pchla!
The scarlet light descended, wrapping around Little Frost. It turned out to be a long fiery-red whip that seemed to burn with fire as it firmly bounded Little Frost. No matter how hard it struggled, the bird was unable to break free.
“Hehe, how do you like my Scarlet Flame Beast Binding Whip?” Zhu Ying chuckled.
“Little Frost!” Luluo was greatly alarmed, evidently never expecting that Zhu Ying would possess a means to restrain Genesis Beasts. A single move was all it had taken to bind the unprepared Little Frost.
“Flame Devil Seal!”
Zhu Ying understood that she could not give any chances to a formidable foe. After trapping Little Frost, she appeared in front of Luluo in a flash, forming a seal with her hand as she sent it towards the latter.
Boom!
Scarlet-red Genesis Qi whizzed forth, seemingly transforming into a burning fist. The howls of flame devils echoed from within as it ferociously blasted towards Luluo with violent, overwhelming might.
Luluo gritted her teeth as she thrust her hand forward, Genesis Qi surging with a piercing hiss.
Bang!
The two clashed directly. Zhu Ying ended up nimbly drifting backwards, why Luluo was violently shaken, staggering back several steps before steadying herself. Her bright and clean face was flushed red, the Qi and blood in her body clearly churning uncontrollably.
“Tch tch. You seem to be only so-so without that Genesis Beast.” Zhu Ying let out a pleasant sounding laugh.
Luluo’s face turned green with fury. She had many skills and techniques, but all of them needed the cooperation of a Genesis Beast to release their greatest power. However, due to her mistake, Little Frost had been trapped at the beginning of the battle.
“If that is all you have, there will be one less apex level genius in your Cangmang Continent today.” Zhu Ying seemed to sigh regretfully, but the smile on her lips was exceptionally cold.
Swish!
Her body shot forward once again, scarlet-red Genesis Qi erupting from her body like a volcano, the rippling wave of heat that ensued causing tree after tree to burst into flames.
She was like an avatar of fire as she charged towards Luluo, fingertips flickering with a cold inhumane light yet incomparably hot at the same time.
“You think I’m scared of you?!” Zhu Ying’s overbearingness caused Luluo’s temper to flare. She gritted her teeth as her Genesis Qi began to stir, intending to accompany this woman all the way.
Just as she was about to move however, a figure blocked her from the front.
She looked over, only to be stunned. “Zhou Yuan?”
She immediately hastily said, “Leave quickly, that crazy woman is very difficult to deal with!”
Although she knew that Zhou Yuan had stepped into the Heaven Gate stage, he was after all only at the initial level, while Zhu Ying likely had the strength of the quasi Alpha-Origin, strength that was even greater than Xiao Tianxuan’s.
It was obviously impossible for Zhou Yuan to be her match.
Zhou Yuan waved his hand. “You go find a way to free Little Frost, let me deal with this woman.”
Without Little Frost’s aid, there were many techniques that Luluo was unable to use. In her current state, she would not be Zhu Ying’s match.
“You…” Luluo was somewhat hesitant.
“Hehe, are all you Cangmang people so arrogant? To think that a mere initial Heaven Gate dares to obstruct me.” Zhu Ying was pretty amused by this scene, but the light flickering within her eyes was full of ridicule.
“Since you want to play the hero, I shall grant your wish.”
Zhu Qing laughed in a mocking manner. Scarlet light swirled around her body as her red hair danced, making her look like a flame devil. Her hands clenched tightly, before she sent out a punch.
Bang!
The air exploded, while the fist winds cut deep scars in the ground below her feet.
This punch could easily create a hole in an advance Heaven Gate stage practitioner.
There was no fear in Zhou Yuan’s eyes as he watched the ferocious attack rapidly approach, but instead a surge of burning excitement.
“Quasi Alpha-Origin huh… I do want to see just how strong that is.”
“Magical Python Scales!”
Zhou Yuan’s five fingers also clenched into a fist. Dark gold Genesis Qi rushed out of his Qi Dwelling, covering his body while golden Magical Python Scales appeared on the surface of his hand.
“Grade 3 Genesis Rune, Black Gold Hand Rune!”
As Zhou Yuan shouted in his heart, a black luster appeared over his scale covered fist, giving off an aura of invincibility.
Zhou Yuan’s figure was akin to an arrow that had been released, rocketing forward as he tore through the air. A punch was sent out without the slightest shred of hesitation, smashing straight towards Zhu Ying’s own.
“Reckless fool!” Zhu Ying mocked. This was the first time she had seen an initial Heaven Gate practitioner dare to clash directly against her.
“Zhou Yuan!” Luluo could not help but cover her eyes.
“Dragon Tablet Hand, Break the Sky!”
At the instant of impact, Zhou Yuan’s fist seemed to become slow and heavy as power rippled outwards, shaking the air and fissuring the ground.
The power of this punch was not only enhanced by Genesis Qi, but also the golden Magical Python Scales and the grade 3 Black Gold Hand Rune. Its might was ferocious to the extreme.
Boom!
Two fists containing dreadfully terrifying force slammed into each other.
A muffled boom filled the surroundings. The world seemed to fall silent for an instant, before a shockwave of devastation unfurled. The surrounding ground began to crumble inch by inch. Rocks torn to pieces, while tree after tree disintegrated into splinters that filled the sky.
The entire place was now in a complete mess.
Luluo looked towards the site of the clash, only to see Zhou Yuan and Zhu Ying’s figures taking a dozen steps backwards.
Zhu Ying’s face had become extremely ugly. Luluo’s gaze swept over the former, discovering a huge bruise on her hand, while fresh blood dripped from her fingertips.
In comparison, several of the golden scales on Zhou Yuan’s fist had been shattered, but he had not sustained any injuries.
It was obvious that Zhou Yuan had taken the upper hand in the earlier exchange.
Luluo was so shocked that her tiny mouth hung wide open.
Zhou Yuan’s fingers slowly relaxed as the golden scales receded. He lifted his gaze and looked towards the grim-faced Zhu Ying as he softly chuckled and said, “Although you are a quasi Alpha-Origin…”
“If we talk about hardness, you’re not as hard as me.”

