Chapter 222 Genesis Qi Stars
A stream of world essence seemed to have been squeezed out of some unknown domain, appearing in the sky above Zhou Yuan, before endlessly falling onto him...
Under the attention of countless gazes, time swiftly flowed.
A hundred breaths faded away in an instant.
Every gaze was unblinking as they continued to count the time.
A hundred breaths… a 150 breaths, 200 breaths...
It soon reached 300 breaths. However, the descending stream of world essence was still as clear and bountiful as before, showing no signs of waning.
400 breaths.
500 breaths.
By this time, the expressions of the first class Shengzhou disciples had turned a little ugly. This timing had already surpassed their own.
They could not help but sourly remark, “He does have some ability.”
Only Lu Feng remained impassive, not even the slightest ripple visible on his face.
World essence Qi continued to fall as time continued to flow. It soon reached 700 breaths.
Low cries of surprise began to ring out in the mountain. This timing had already surpassed 90% of the people here, and even some first class disciples would be left far behind in the dust by this number.
“I can’t believe his Spirit cultivation is so high.” Said Qiao Xiu in amazement. Lasting this long was clearly out of his expectations.
Lu Feng frowned slightly.
“This guy.”
He had detected that even at 700 breaths, the Alpha-Origin Qi that descended from the sky still showed no signs of stopping. It looked as if the reserves were still ample...
750 breaths… 800 breaths, 1000 breaths.
The entire Genesis Mountain had fell deathly silent. The Shengzhou first class disciples swallowed their saliva and looked towards Lu Feng, seeing the latter’s brows now tightly furrowed together.
Zhou Yuan had already surpassed his record.
The thing that made Lu Feng’s expression sink the most was that even at a thousand breaths, the falling stream of world essence still showed no indications of weakening.
Several of the first class disciples could not help but blurt out, “Just how strong is his Spirit?! How can he bring back so much Alpha-Origin Qi on his first time?!”
Lu Feng’s gaze flickered for a moment. He stared deeply at Zhou Yuan and indifferently said, “Interesting.”
“How interesting.” Gu Hongyi’s eyes also glimmered faintly, her voice filled with interest. She had realised that she could no longer estimate the extent of his abilities.
The young man who had originally been nothing special in her eyes now seemed a little unfathomable.
As soft gasps sounded across the mountain, the Alpha-Origin Qi continued to fall, lasting all the way till 2359 breaths under everyone’s stunned gazes.
Numerous disciples looked to each other, not knowing what to say.
Even now, the Alpha-Origin Qi they could bring back was far from being able to match this number. And yet, Zhou Yuan had achieved it on his very first try...
Although this did not determine one’s future accomplishments, like how tall one’s Genesis Qi could reach at the Heaven Gate stage, it would at least give Zhou Yuan the absolute advantage during the Alpha-Origin stage.
A single round for him would be equivalent to several round for them. How could they match his efficiency?
Lu Feng let out a long breath, his eyes turning as deep as the night. He looked towards the stunned Shengzhou disciples in the vicinity and said in a nonchalant voice, “No need to make a mountain out of a molehill. His Spirit is likely stronger than ours because he practices a Spirit tempering method.”
“I’ll admit that he does have ambition, training both Genesis Qi and Spirit.”
“Though ambition is good, one should only do what’s within one’s capabilities. Dual cultivation would result in having to split one’s efforts and attention, making him unable to be as focused as us. Therefore, when the comes where we step into the Diving Dwelling stage, he will likely still be struggling at the Alpha-Origin stage.”
“Likewise, how long he lasted doesn’t mean anything, because the most important factor is still how many Genesis Qi stars he managed to create, the true representation of one’s foundations.”
The other disciples nodded in agreement after hearing this. It was indeed as he had said, dual cultivation might give one the ability to utilise multiple strategies, but it also meant difficulting in achieving proficiency in both. Thus, it may be better to focus on one like themselves.
At the very least, if they could reach the Divine Dwelling stage, though their Spirits would not be as strong as Zhou Yuan’s, they would still be able to easily finish him off in a fight.
As for the Genesis Qi stars, they were tiny specks of light created from the amalgamation of Genesis Qi and Alpha-Origin Qi, and looked similar to stars. Hence why they were called Genesis Qi stars.
Someone asked, “How many Genesis Qi stars did senior brother Lu create on your first try? I believe I managed slightly over 20.”
“I only had a little more than 50 on my first try.” Lu Feng smiled faintly.
The others once again secretly wet their lips. Having over fifty Genesis Qi stars after reaching the Alpha-Origin stage was enough to show the abundance of Lu Feng’s Genesis Qi.
Gu Hongyi’s gaze concentrated on Zhou Yuan. She too understood that although how long the Alpha-Origin Qi lasted showed the strength of his Spirit, the most important thing to the Alpha-Origin stage was the number of Genesis Qi stars.
“I made sixty three back then, I wonder how many Zhou Yuan will create.”
...
While the entire mountain was in shock due to Zhou Yuan, the person himself was completely unaware, because he was currently viewing the interior of his Qi Dwelling.
As the robust Alpha-Origin Qi flowed into his Qi Dwelling, enormous changes began to appear.
Zhou Yuan’s Qi Dwelling had originally given off a blood-red luster, but as more and more Alpha-Origin entered, the Qi Dwelling gradually began to expand, growing even larger.
Faint ancient patterns began to appear.
Zhou Yuan could clearly feel the Alpha-Origin Qi enlarge his Qi Dwelling, allowing for more Genesis Qi to be stored.
In addition, when the Alpha-Origin Qi began to mix with the Genesis Qi within, a strange but wonderful mist began to rise, condensing into specks of light that seemed akin to stars in the sky of the Qi Dwelling.
These light dots were filled with pure Genesis Qi, while a barely discernible python like mark could be seen on each one.
“My Genesis Qi is being consumed…” Zhou Yuan felt the Genesis Qi in his Qi Dwelling rapidly deplete as each Genesis Qi star appeared.
“Is this the mark of the Alpha-Origin, Genesis Qi stars?” Zhou Yuan carefully absorbed the star like dots. These Genesis Qi stars symbolize the Alpha-Origin stage and were extremely useful. In battle, the Genesis Qi from detonating these Genesis Qi stars would possess even more explosive and destructive power than usual.
Genesis Qi transforming into Genesis Qi stars was undoubtedly an evolution of sorts.
Zhou Yuan mumbled in his heart, “It’s said that Divine Dwelling experts have a whole world made from Genesis Qi in their Qi Dwelling which is populated by millions of stars. In a fight, they can turn the stars into Genesis Qi at any time at a far more effective rate than any Alpha-Origin.”
At this point in time, 146 Genesis Qi stars had been created in his Qi Dwelling.
“I’ve heard that the greater the number of Genesis Qi stars at the ninth layer Alpha-Origin stage, the higher quality the Divine Dwelling formed.” Zhou Yuan was eager to find out how many Genesis Qi stars he would have when he advanced to the Divine Dwelling stage.
With such thoughts in mind, he once again looked towards the stars in his Qi Dwelling, before withdrawing from his state of cultivation.
On the cultivation platform, Zhou Yuan’s tightly shut eyes finally opened, immediately feeling the countless gazes on his body.
“Hey.”
A clear voice sounded. Zhou Yuan raised his head, and saw Gu Hongyi staring at him with bright eyes as she directly asked, “How many Genesis Qi stars do you have?”

