Chapter 104 Silver Shadow’s Power
A bloodthirsty aura emerged from the figure in silver armor that had appeared atop the city walls, drawing over numerous shocked gazes.
Little by little, the mockery on Wang Chaotian’s face turned rigid at this moment, the expression in his eyes incomparably grave as he stared at the silver figure Zhou Yuan had transformed into. The former could feel an aura that was truly able to threaten him.
The corners of Wang Chaotian’s eyes twitched as he chillingly said through gritted teeth, “You do have some ability.”
Although he did not know why the silver armor figure would give off such a dangerous feeling, he had to admit that he now no longer dared to hold any contempt in his heart.
The silver armor figure’s eyes opened, revealing the silver light swirling within. In the next moment, its foot suddenly stamped downwards.
Bang!
The city wall seemed to shake for an instant as the figure transformed into a flash of silver light. A silver fist was sent flying towards Wang Chaotian, the air in its way rapidly blasted away.
Zhou Yuan’s attack was as swift as lightning, causing even Wang Chaotian’s heart to shiver for a moment. But he was after all an Alpha-Origin expert and soon responded by quickly rotating his hand, sending out a formidable palm strike.
Clang!
Fist and palm collided, followed by a clear clang sound. Ripples spread in the air as the two figures were jolted back, forced to stumble several steps backwards.
“It really is amazing!”
Not facing even the slightest disadvantage in a head-on clash with an Alpha-Origin expert made Zhou Yuan’s heart shiver slightly in shock, before being quickly followed by a gush of pleasant surprise.
Cheers immediately exploded from the soldiers atop the walls when they saw Zhou Yuan’s unexpected dominance, causing the morale to soar for a time.
These cheers made Wang Chaotian’s expression grow increasingly stormy. His venomously stared at the silver armor figure and said, “Although I do not know how you did it, I do not believe that a mighty Alpha-Origin like myself will not be able to deal with a little brat like you!”
“Cyan Wind Heavenly Dipper Qi!”
A low roar from Wang Chaotian was followed by dark cyan Genesis Qi bursting out of his body. Like a cyan hurricane, the Qi wailed around his body, the surging Genesis Qi akin to countless wind blades that were more than sufficient to rip anything to shreds.
The expression in Wang Chaotian’s eyes was dark and cold. With a twirl of his palm, dark cyan Genesis Qi transformed into half-feet long wind blades in his hand, blades that were sharp without equal.
“Cyan Blade!”
Wang Chaotian’s sleeve jerked as wind blade after wind blade was sent shooting forth. They tore through the air with swishing sounds, viciously closing in on Zhou Yuan at crafty angles.
Zhou Yuan breathed in deeply as the Omni Python Qi in his Qi Dwelling abruptly exploded forth.
Boom!
Dark gold Genesis Qi flooded out of Zhou Yuan’s body. When it came into contact with Silver Shadow, Zhou Yuan felt the power of the Genesis Qi rise sharply as if it had been amplified by some kind of force.
Buzz!
Dark gold Genesis Qi spouted out from the silver armor figure, glorious like a dark gold cloud.
“This Silver Shadow is insane! To think that it is even able to amplify the power of Genesis Qi!”
Zhou Yuan could not help but remark in his heart. Only after personally experiencing Silver Shadow’s ability did he finally realise how great this battle puppet was. The fusion between puppet and human was perfect. It did not matter if it was Genesis Qi or Genesis techniques, everything would be greatly amplified through Silver Shadow.
With Silver Shadow’s amplification powers, Zhou Yuan’s originally Qi Nourishing level Genesis Qi was now no weaker than that of an Alpha-Origin expert.
“Shatter!”
Excitement flashed in Zhou Yuan’s eyes as he felt the enormous power he had never wielded before. He showed no signs of dodging and instead took a step forward, his hands grabbing at the wind blades.
Ch ch!
No matter how hard they struggled, the cyan wind blades caught by Zhou Yuan were unable to escape.
Zhou Yuan suddenly increased the force of his grip as dark gold Genesis Qi spouted out. Cracking sounds were heard as the cyan wind blades were directly crushed to pieces by Zhou Yuan.
“Is this all you’re capable of?” Zhou Yuan’s cold voice sounded as he looked towards Wang Chaotian.
Wang Chaotian’s face was white with rage, but there was also fear within his eyes. He did not know why, but the dark gold Genesis Qi from Zhou Yuan’s body made his heart beat a little faster.
“Just what kind of Genesis Qi did this brat cultivate? It doesn’t seem to be Great Zhou royal clan’s Flame-Thunder Qi.” The expression in Wang Chaotian’s eyes fluctuated indeterminately in uncertainty.
“As the saying goes, it is not nice to receive without giving. You too should have a taste of my Genesis Qi!”
Zhou Yuan laughed heartily as he punched.
“Emperor Extreme Seal!”
The might of the Emperor Extreme Seal in Zhou Yuan’s current state was many times greater than before. One could only watch as dark gold Genesis Qi rapidly gathered together, transforming into a dozen feet tall dark gold fist of light that ruthlessly crashed forward like a wave.
This light fist was domineering without equal. The air in its path exploded and even space itself seemed to ripple wherever it passed.
Wang Chaotian’s expression changed as the dark gold light fist arrived, evidently sensing just how powerful it was. He did not dare to delay even a split second as his five fingers took on the form of a claw and ferociously tore downwards.
“Black Genesis technique, Dipper Wind Claw!”
Screech!
Cyan scars were ripped open in the space before him. The sharpness of this attack was likely of shredding even a mountain.
Rumble!
However, the cyan wind claw was unable to tear apart the dark gold light fist, and was instead scattered by the latter. In the end, the dark gold light fist smashed towards Wang Chaotian.
Wang Chaotian hastily spit out a cloud of dense cyan Qi. Only then was he able to block the dark gold light fist.
Thud thud!
Although he had managed to block it, the light fist was just too domineering, sending him staggering backwards as the Qi and blood in his body churned violently.
“What a domineering Genesis Qi!”
Astonishment flitted across Wang Chaotian’s eyes. The Genesis Qi he had cultivated was grade 4, but even this grade 4 Genesis Qi of his was unable to stop the dark gold Genesis Qi.
It was obvious that his opponent’s Genesis Qi was more highly ranked than his grade 4 Genesis Qi!
Zhou Yuan had also realised his advantage. The domineering Omni Python Qi stood heads and shoulders above ordinary grade 4 Genesis Qi. Hence, he no longer hesitated and swiftly shot forward once again.
Thus, a rain of attacks began to bombard Wang Chaotian.
Killing intent was forced out of Wang Chaotian, his eyes turning ice-cold. No longer holding back any Genesis Qi, he transformed into a flash of cyan light and began exchanging lightning-quick blows with the silver figure.
Boom boom boom!
Every attack from the two could cause mountains to crumble or split apart the land, while the aftershocks wreaked destruction in the surrounding area.
While the intense battle carried on, the treacherous Wang Chaotian taunted continuously in an attempt to distract Zhou Yuan.
“Brat, so what if you’re able to hinder me? Your side still has one less Alpha-Origin and that southwest gate will surely fall soon!”
The southwest gate was the only place that was not guarded by an Alpha-Origin level.
Zhou Yuan’s brows knitted together. He was aware that the southwest gate was indeed their weakest link, but he also understood that none of Great Zhou’s top tier battle power could free themselves at this time. They had no choice to but to try and delay the advance on the southwest gate as much as possible.
“I hope that captain Lu and the rest will be able to hold on a little longer.”
Zhou Yuan thought in his heart as his attacks grew even more ferocious, murder surging in his eyes as he charged towards Wang Chaotian once again.
Southwest gate.
Compared to the other gates, the fight here was practically one-sided. Under the leadership of the Alpha-Origin expert called Lin Nian, the defending Great Zhou soldiers suffered terrible losses.
Even the desperate efforts of Lu Tieshan and the other Heaven Gate experts were unsuccessful in stopping Lin Nian. Instead, all that resulted was the latter growing more and more infuriated.
Thus, Lin Nian suddenly attacked, powerful Genesis Qi instantly scattering Lu Tieshan and the rest. Lin Nian moved and appeared in front of one of the Heaven Gate experts, a chilling look in his eyes as a palm swatted downwards.
Boom!
The top of the Heaven Gate experts head was smashed in, fresh blood spurting out as the color in his eyes gradually faded.
“Old Lue!”
Lu Tieshan’s eyes almost burst open from rage when he saw this. That Heaven Gate expert had been an old friend of his.
“Stop him together!” Lu Tieshan howled as he and the other Heaven Gate experts charged forward once again, now in a state of frenzy as they attempted to contain Lin Nian. They knew just how dire a state Great Zhou City would fall into if Lin Nian was allowed to breach the city gate.
However, their efforts were practically futile. Lin Nian maintained the absolute advantage and even began to attack the city gate. The southwest gate was rapidly approaching a state of crisis.
The eyes of countless soldiers began to despair.
It was at this desperate moment that the slender figure of a girl wearing green and white agilely leapt onto the city wall.
Her beautiful eyes locked onto the unstoppable Lin Nian, her hand slowly clenching as she softly spoke in a voice that only she could hear.
“Yangming.”
“I need your power. Please help me, I want to help his highness protect this place!”

