Chapter 132 Goods Get
Item after item continuously appeared on the auction stage. Although none of them could match the Heavenly Luo Halberd, every item was still considerably rare. Hence, the atmosphere of the auction remained extremely exciting.
At this current moment, the elder was once again taking out another item on the auction stage. It was a glass bottle in which a fiery-red liquid swam. The viscous liquid was akin to the essence of fire, flames endlessly burning around it.
“This is the Earth Essence Flame that was extracted from the depths of Wanzai volcano. If it is absorbed by someone who is cultivating a fire type Genesis Qi, as long as that Genesis Qi is below grade 5, it will be able to raise the raise the rank of the Genesis Qi by one minor grade.”
These words shook the auction area once again, burning desire instantly rising in the eyes of countless individuals.
The previous items, including the Heavenly Luo Halberd, were ultimately external aids. This Earth Essence Flame on the other hand was able to raise the rank of one’s Genesis Qi!
Although it only worked on Genesis Qi below grade 5, it was still a tremendous boost.
If absorbed, a low tier grade 4 Genesis Qi would rise to the mid tier. Such an increase in power was definitely not insubstantial.
“Never imagined that they would even have such a thing.” Zhou Yuan could not help but sigh, his heart stirring a little. Although the Omni Python Qi he cultivated was already grade 5, his father’s Flame-Thunder Qi was only grade 4.
If he gave this item to his father, the Flame-Thunder Qi would definitely reach the peak of grade 4.
However, Zhou Yuan’s stirring heart was quickly crushed by reality, because the starting bid for the Earth Essence Flame was 800,000 Genesis crystals.
“I feel so poor.”
Zhou Yuan could not help but cover his face with a hand. The Great Zhou Empire had not been a good place for the past few years, resulting its prince having little savings. He was not like the others who could easily accumulate a few million.
The bidding war for the Earth Essence Flame was even more intense than the earlier Heavenly Luo Halberd. After several minutes of back and forth, the price finally stabilized at 2.58 million.
Only after the struggle for the Earth Essence Flame was over did the heated atmosphere cool down somewhat.
Zhou Yuan silently waited for the items he needed. After about a dozen minutes, he finally heard the words he was expecting.
“Underworld Spirit Fruit, 100,000 Genesis crystals.”
Zhou Yuan’s lightly shut eyes opened, his gaze burning with desire as he stared at the stage where the elder was holding a jade case. A black fruit lay within the case.
This Genesis resource had a very particular function, hence, not many were interested in it and it’s starting bid was naturally pretty tame.
Few were vying for this item, and the bid only managed to rise to 150,000 after a few rounds.
Zhou Yuan waited for his opportunity. When it was about time, he finally opened his mouth, “200,000 Genesis crystals.”
The sudden increase of 33% was not trivial at all. Several parties immediately give up, while the remaining two only gave in after raising the bid to 250,000.
Zhou Yuan breathed a sigh of relief. His entire fortune only amounted to 500,000 Genesis crystals, and just this Underworld Spirit Fruit alone would consume half of it. The rest of his money was still needed to buy the Vermillion Blood Grass.
The elder scanned the area as his powerful voice echoed, “Are there any other bids?”
Silence.
However, just as Zhou Yuan had relaxed, a soft chuckle was suddenly heard.
“300,000.”
The abrupt arrival of this voice caused whispers to spring up in the auction area. Many were bewildered. Why had the price of an Underworld Spirit Fruit risen to such a level?
Zhou Yuan’s complexion changed slightly, the expression in his eyes sinking a little as he said in a calm voice, “350,000.”
“400,000.” The other bidder immediately kept pace.
“500,000.” Iciness flashed in Zhou Yuan’s eyes. Someone was making things difficult for them again. The other bidder was clearly purposely stirring trouble and did not intend to buy it.
When Zhou Yuan called out his bid of 500,000, the other voice seemed to laugh softly before no longer making any noise.
Thus, the Underworld Spirit Fruit ultimately landed in Zhou Yuan’s hands, but he had to pay 500,000, completely wiping out his entire fortune.
There was no change in Zhou Yuan’s expression, but fury flashed in his eyes.
By the side, Luluo stared at the VIP room in the distance and muttered, “The one that bidded is also in a VIP room. According to my information, that room is exclusively used by the city lord residence.”
“City lord residence?” Zhou Yuan frowned slightly. When had he offended the Saint Remains city lord residence? Moreover, given the city lord’s status, he could not possibly lower himself to vie with those of the younger generation.
Luluo pondered for a while. “The one inside is definitely not the city lord… but according to what I’ve heard, the only other person who frequents that VIP room is the city lord’s son, the junior city lord, Xiao Tianxuan.”
“Xiao Tianxuan?” Zhou Yuan shook his head. He did not know this person at all, so why was he making things difficult for them?
Zhou Yuan’s eyes flickered in thought for a while, eventually returning to calmness. However, ice-cold light flashed in the depths of this calmness. It did not matter why Xiao Tianxuan was targeting them. Since the act was done, Zhou Yuan would naturally remember.
He then looked towards Luluo and asked, “Luluo, can you lend me some Genesis crystals?”
All 500,000 of his Genesis crystals had been used up. He no longer had any left for the subsequent Vermillion Blood Grass.
Luluo waved her hand. “Small matter, I’ll help you bid it later!”
Zhou Yuan did not say anything, but he made sure to remember this debt of gratitude.
The auction continued. It was not long before the Vermillion Blood Grass finally made an appearance.
The starting price for the Blood Vermillion Grass was only 80,000 Genesis crystals, and the competition even less than before.
Luluo was the first to shout, “200,000!”
Her bid directly silenced the place. Those originally planning on bidding instantly became quiet. This bid was akin to roadblock, there was no reason for them to pay such a high price for a stalk of Vermillion Blood Grass.
The silence only lasted for a moment. Just as Luluo began to believe that she had already succeeded, a faint laughter was once again heard from a particular VIP room. “300,000.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyelids lowered slightly as the frostiness in his eyes intensified.
Xiao Tianxuan was really a bit too much.
Luluo’s face also turned ice-cold. Although Xiao Tianxuan was the junior city lord of Saint Remains City, he did not amount to much in her eyes. Thus, she immediately responded, “600,000.”
Directly doubling the bid.
That VIP room was clearly silent for a moment after Luluo’s bid. In the end, a soft laugh emerged. “Since Little County Lord likes this item, I shall not compete.”
The Vermillion Blood Fruit was now also in the bag, but Luluo’s pretty face did not look happy at all. Xiao Tianxuan knew that she was the one bidding, but still raised the price. It was obvious that he did not think much of her.
“Thanks.” Zhou Yuan nodded at Luluo.
He slowly said, “Will the junior city lord be going to the Saint Remains Domain?”
“Of course.” Luluo nodded.
Zhou Yuan softly muttered, “That’s good.”
Luluo’s large eyes looked at Zhou Yuan. “Are you planning on getting even in the Saint Remains Domain? That guy is no pushover, he too is one of the elite geniuses of the Cangmang Continent.”
Zhou Yuan’s voice was steady as he replied, “I have also slain an Alpha-Origin.”
Luluo’s eyes turned round, somewhat unable to believe him. Wu Huang and Blind Sword had killed an Alpha-Origin expert, but at least they were at the advance Heaven Gate stage. Did Zhou Yuan really slay an Alpha-Origin at the Qi Nourishing stage?
Zhou Yuan took in a deep breath, his eyes cool and calm as he looked towards that particular VIP room. Xiao Tianxuan was it?
If we meet in the Saint Remains Domain, I will make you spit out ten times the amount you made me spend today.

