Chapter 225 Ethereal Form
Seated at the table, Qiao Xiu smiled slightly as he looked at Zhou Yuan’s expression and said, “I can see that junior brother Zhou Yuan is someone with ambition, and will not be satisfied with being the lowest rank black sash disciple when entering the seven peaks.”
Cangxuan Sect disciples were strictly regulated by a ranking system, which aimed to motivate the disciples. A higher ranked disciple would not only enjoy high status, but also obtain more cultivation resources than the other disciples, cultivation resources that undoubtedly meant gaining a lead on others.
Sometimes, it was as the saying went; once you’re one step behind, you will always be that step behind.
In fact, it may even result in you being forever being crushed under heel by others.
Hence, there was no disciple who was willing to give up on their chance so easily during the peak selection ceremony.
“The group I’m in has five first class disciples including myself. If we were to talk about strength, our group is one of the stronger ones amongst the non Shengzhou disciple factions.”
Qiao Xiu fervently looked at Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao as he continued, “If junior brother Zhou Yuan and senior sister Yaoyao join us, we will be able to attract even more disciples to our group. When that happens, we will not lose out even to the Shengzhou factions.”
He then looked towards Shen Wanjin and the rest as he said, “When that time comes, the other Cangmang disciples can also join us.”
However, Shen Wanjin, Xiao Tianxuan and the rest did not speak. They merely looked towards Zhou Yuan, clearly waiting for his decision.
Zhou Yuan held in cup in silence for a while, before he slowly shook his head under Qiao Xiu’s fervent gaze. “I don’t think I’ll be able to join senior brother Qiao Xiu’s group.”
He had still ended up rejecting Qiao Xiu’s invitation, because he knew that though there was power in numbers, it also came with more disputes and troubles.
Zhou Yuan main objective in the Cangxuan Sect was to reach the Divine Dwelling stage as fast as possible. Only then would he truly possess the power to deal with the Great Wu Empire.
Though the Great Wu Empire was currently doing all it could to stabilize the situation at its borders, once king Wu got his hands free, he would surely turn his eyes to the Great Zhou Empire.
Therefore, Zhou Yuan needed to step into the Divine Dwelling stage before that happened.
He did not wish to waste any potential training time on the disputes and meaningless politics in groups such as these.
Disappointment rose on Qiao Xiu’s face in response to Zhou Yuan’s rejection. The former was not angry however, only feeling that it was such a pity.
“Although I cannot join your group, I am willing to become friends with senior brother Qiao Xie. If we have any needs in the future, we can always help each other.” Zhou Yuan smiled.
He did not want to tangle himself in the matters of a group, but he was willing to be friends with Qiao Xiu. The latter’s character was pretty good, and quite to Zhou Yuan’s liking.
Qiao Xiu also smiled when he heard this and candidly said, “That’s exactly what I’m looking for.”
He did not try to persuade or force Zhou Yuan, because he was confident in his judgment. Zhou Yuan might seem as if he had just reached the first layer Alpha-Origin stage, but Qiao Xiu had the feeling that the latter was not as simple as he appeared on the surface.
“Although junior brother Zhou Yuan is not joining us, the others can still join us if they are interested.” Qiao Xiu indicated towards Shen Wanjin and the rest with a grin.
Shen Wanjin and the rest were all third class disciples, and Qiao Xiu was naturally not interested in their strength. However, he was a person with values and since he knew that these were Zhou Yuan’s friends, he would give Zhou Yuan some face and allow them to join.
Shen Wanjin and the rest were definitely tempted. After all, they clearly understood their current situation as outer mountain disciples. Ordinary third class disciples that did not have any faction behind them would only face bullying everywhere. Although Zhou Yuan had shocked and awed everyone today, they naturally hoped to make more friends that would be able to help them.
However, they did not nod but instead look towards Zhou Yuan.
Upon seeing this, Zhou Yuan smiled and nodded. It just so happened that he intended to concentrate on his cultivation, and was afraid that he may not be able to take care of everyone all the time. With Qiao Xiu’s help, he would not have to worry about this.
Zhou Yuan lifted his cup and said, “I am thankful to senior brother Qiao Xiu.”
Qiao Xiu chuckled, knowing that Zhou Yuan was showing that he owed the former.
Since both of them were now much closer, Qiao Xiu could not help but ask, “Right… junior brother Zhou Yuan, I’m dying to know since you brought back so much Alpha-Origin on your first try, how many genesis Qi stars did you create?”
Shen Wanjin and the rest also opened their ears, evidently equally curious.
Zhou Yuan laughed and lifted his cup, downing in a single gulp, before he answered, “Only about a hundred.”
*Gasp*
A series of gasps sounded around the tablet, Shen Wanjin and the rest dumbstruck. They were also first layer Alpha-Origin practitioners, but the number of Genesis Qi stars in their Qi Dwellings only numbered slightly over thirty.
Qiao Xiu also opened and closed his mouth. In the end, he let out a bitter chuckle.
Let alone Shen Wanjin and the rest, even a third layer Alpha-Origin like himself only had a hundred or so stars. In other words, if they were to compete purely based on amount of Genesis Qi, a third layer Alpha-Origin like himself may not be able to beat Zhou Yuan.
This caused to sigh deeply. He was truly unable to comprehend how Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi had reached such a level.
However, this also made Qiao Xiu rejoice. It seems that his judgement was right after all. The young man before him was indeed extraordinary. Though the latter currently did not have much of a reputation, Qiao Xiu had a premonition that there would be no one in the future Cangxuan Sect who would not know Zhou Yuan...
...
The next day.
Early in the morning, Zhou Yuan was naturally not absent for the Genesis Mountain training. However, Yaoyao could not be bothered to go this time, merely throwing Tuntun to him, and telling him to put Tuntun on her cultivation platform.
Thus, a strange sight could be seen on Genesis Mountain today. A little creature lay on Yaoyao’s cultivation platform, its mouth wide open as it ate the surging Genesis Qi, a sight that made numerous disciples could not help but envy.
After the Genesis Mountain training, Zhou Yuan carried Tuntun down the mountain, heading straight for the Hidden Scriptures House. He had been itching to visit this place ever since yesterday.
The Hidden Scriptures House was a majestic ancient looking building that stood at the peak of one of the towering mountains. From the seemingly unending stream of disciples flying towards it, one could see that this place was undoubtedly one of the most popular locations in the outer mountains.
The Hidden Scriptures House was extremely enormous, and was divided into three levels. Black tier Genesis techniques were stored on the first level, little Heaven on the second, and it was said that the third held true Heaven tier techniques. However, the rental fee was extremely high, and current disciples could not possibly afford them.
Hence, Zhou Yuan made a beeline to the second level.
A little Heaven Genesis technique was more than attractive enough to his current self.
There were very few disciples on the second level, because although the little Heaven Genesis techniques here were powerful, they were even more difficult to learn. Everyone currently did not have many Genesis jade pieces at hand, and thus did not want to waste them, planning instead to visit later on when they had accumulated enough.
The second level looked even better than the first, numerous jade strips hovering above white jade displays. Light shined from these jade strips, forming numerous words in the air in front of them.
“There’s so many…” Zhou Yuan was stunned by this sight. He estimated that there were over a hundred of them after a cursory glance. This number truly shocked him to the core. One must know that a little Heaven tier technique would be cherished as one of the most prized possessions by the factions in the Cangmang Continent.
And yet, they were now so common here.
From this, one could see just how terrifying the Cangxuan Sect’s foundations were.
Zhou Yuan wet his lips, his gaze burning as he walked forward step by step, passing white jade platform after platform.
“Low grade little Heaven Genesis technique, Earth Covering Finger Seal.”
“Low grade little Heaven Genesis technique, Sword Heart Dipper.”
“Mid grade little Heaven Genesis technique, Metal Devil Genesis Body.”
“...”
Zhou Yuan’s gaze swept across the words in front of numerous jade strips, discovering that the little Heaven Genesis techniques here had been meticulously categorised.
According to his estimates, the Great Wind and Thunder technique he obtained in the Saint Remains Domain would be classified as a mid grade little Heaven Genesis technique.
“What I need the most now is a movement type Genesis technique.”
Mumbled Zhou Yuan to himself. The Dragon Step technique he initially learnt was no longer enough as it was after all only a Black tier technique. Hence, Zhou Yuan had been planning on finding a little Heaven level movement technique.
His feet continued their slow advance. After about half an incense stick of time, they finally came to a stop in front of a certain white jade display as Zhou Yuan’s burning gaze stared at the ancient jade strip before him.
“Mid grade little Heaven Genesis technique, Ethereal Form.”
“Make the body akin to an illusion, making it difficult to discern what is real, and impossible to catch like the clouds.”
Zhou Yuan’s heart shook. Ethereal Form was clearly out of the ordinary. Without any hesitation, he reached out to grab the jade strip.
However, just as his fingers touched it, another fair hand suddenly appeared from the side, grabbing the other corner of the jade strip.
Zhou Yuan was stunned. He turned his head, only to see a pair of bright eyes glaring at him.
A closer look revealed that it was a young lady with a sexy body and eye-grabbing legs in red. Who could it be be but Gu Hongyi?

