Chapter 100 Seven Alpha-Origins
Dong! Dong!
The sound of battle drums thundered across the land as a seemingly endless army flooded over from the ends of one’s sights. They eventually came to a halt several miles from Great Zhou City. The sight of each black mass after black mass of formations made one feel an immense amount of pressure as suffocating killing intent spread.
Countless people trembled in fear as they watched this scene. The more senior occupants of Great Zhou City in particular were reminded of the events from over a dozen years ago.
That day had been just like this one. A huge army had surrounded the city, causing the city to fall into despair and terror due to their eminent destruction.
On the city walls, Zhou Qing gazed at the black sprawling mass of soldiers. Although there was no change in his facial expression, cracks had begun to grow from the hands that had been placed on the city wall.
It was clear that the view before his eyes had also made him recall the humiliation from over a dozen years ago.
It was then that the once highly ambitious king of Great Zhou was thoroughly beaten by the cruelness of reality. Ever since then, he had been trapped in the current Great Zhou like a ferocious tiger in a cage.
Beside Zhou Qing, Zhou Yuan also observed the suffocating black mass of troops several miles away as cold light flickered within his eyes.
Zhou Qing took in a deep breath, looked towards Zhou Yuan and pointed outside the city. “Yuan’er, it was a similar scene back then. At that time, you were born inside the city with the blessing of the sacred dragon.”
“Outside the city, king Wu’s son and daughter were born with the blessing of the python and the sparrow.”
At this point, pain flashed in Zhou Qing’s eyes as he continued, “But your father was useless and incapable of protecting you, or your current accomplishments would have been far beyond what they are now.”
“You were originally destined to soar straight into the sky, standing tall above the rest of the world and looking down upon the geniuses of other countries. But because of me, your wings were ripped from you, causing you to flail about in the mud and even narrowly die a premature death.”
Seeing the remorse in Zhou Qing’s eyes, Zhou Yuan reached out and gently patted the former’s arm as he softly said, “Father should not blame himself, experiencing hardship may not be a bad thing.”
“A smooth sailing path straight into the sky may not be a good thing either.”
Zhou Yuan smiled, a smile filled with a chilling iciness that was sharp as the edge of a blade.
“Moreover… if the sacred dragon blessing truly belongs to me, I will ultimately be able to take it back.”
Zhou Qing looked at the youth before him. Though there was still some immaturity on the youth’s face, there was also a resolve that those at the same age did not possess. This made him blame himself a little less. Perhaps it was truly as Zhou Yuan had said, hardship may be the whetstone on which one grinds one’s blade.
But Yuan’er, father does not plan to experience the events from back then a second time. I only tolerated the disgrace for so many years in order to give you time to grow. Now that you’re all grown up, for the sake of protecting this country, I will no longer give in even if I have to give up my life.
The expression in Zhou Qing’s eyes gradually turned sharp as he cast his gaze towards the seemingly endless army in the distance.
Dong!
Another beat from the battle drum rang out as a figure on a black horse slowly trotted out from within king Qi’s giant army. The figure was dressed in a full set of battle armor, and wore a cold and stern expression. It was king Qi, Qi Yuan.
Countless gazes from both inside and outside the city converged onto him.
Zhou Qing’s chillingly icy gaze immediately locked onto Qi Yuan as he said in a frosty voice, “Qi Yuan you rebel! You still dare to show yourself before me?!”
Qi Yuan mere laughed upon hearing this and replied, “Useless Zhou Qing, you are the main reason why Great Zhou has fallen into such a state. I advise you to open your city gates and surrender so I may grant give the royal clan their final respect. Or else, once the city is breached, I will surely slaughter the royal clan and burn the royal tomb!”
Towards the end, Qi Yuan’s voice was filled with venom, clearly displaying his intense hatred.
Zhou Qing turned white with anger, his voice ice-cold as he retorted, “After quelling this rebellion, every member of your entire Qi clan will be slaughtered!”
Qi Yuan let out a mocking laugh. “I’m afraid that a dog like you does not have the ability!”
“Qi Yuan you traitor, if you continue to be so pigheaded, today will be your last!” Wei Canglan’s voice thundered across the land.
Zhou Yuan’s gaze swept towards the Black Venom King. The latter sighed helplessly before he also stepped forward and darkly said, “Just a single Alpha-Origin expert and you dare to attack Great Zhou City, I’m afraid that you won’t even know how you will die!”
“The troops of Black Venom City are already prepared to cut off your retreat at any time.”
Wei Canglan’s and the Black Venom King’s appearance undoubtedly shook those on Qi Manor’s side. After all, Alpha-Origin experts were just too powerful a force and were at times enough to decide the tide of the battle.
Great Zhou had three Alpha-Origin experts, while Qi Manor only had king Qi.
The top-tier battle power of both camps was evidently very uneven.
However, Qi Yuan’s expression remained unchanged. He stared at the three Alpha-Origin experts atop the city walls as the corners of his mouth rose to form a mocking smile. “Three Alpha-Origin experts, what a formidable line-up.”
“Since that is so, let me show the reason behind my confidence today!”
The mockery on Qi Yuan’s lips grew even greater.
“My companions, please come out and greet your old friends.”
As Qi Yuan’s words faded, the army suddenly parted and six figures slowly walked out.
The instant these six figures appeared, powerful Genesis Qi whizzed out from the top of their heads. The Genesis Qi filled the area, bringing along with it an astonishing pressure.
Every one of these six figures were Alpha-Origin experts!
*Uproar*!
An earth-shaking uproar immediately erupted from Great Zhou City as countless individuals watched this scene in horror.
No one had expected six Alpha-Origin experts to appear on Qi Yuan’s side! Zhou Yuan’s pupils also shrank slightly. Was this the support the Great Wu Empire had given?
Zhou Qing’s gaze was glued to the six figure that had emerged. His expression became extremely twisted as his hands directly crushed a portion of the city wall.
It was as if he had just seen a hated foe.
“Hehe, it’s been many years since we last met your majesty, we hope that you have been well.” In response to Zhou Qing’s man-eating gaze, the six figures raised their heads and grinned at the former.
“Zhao Tianlun…”
“Lin Nian…”
“Wang Caotian…”
“......”
Each name was slowly spit out from between the gaps of Zhou Qing’s teeth, his voice seething with hatred.
Wei Canglan also stared at the six figures as he icily said through gnashed teeth, “To think that it would be those six betrayers!”
He turned to look at the somewhat confused Zhou Yuan and said in a low voice, “These six used to be ministers of the Great Zhou Empire over a dozen years ago. During king Wu’s rebellion, they stabbed us in the back, launching sneak attacks on us. This resulted in the belly of our army being open to the enemy, leaving us no choice but to flee.”
“Each of them have been conferred the title of king by the Great Wu Empire and rule over their respective territories. I never imagined that Qi Yuan would obtain their help this time.”
At this point, Wei Canglan’s expression had already become rather grim. The appearance of these six individuals had instantly blown away any advantage Great Zhou had. Adding in Qi Yuan, the number of Alpha-Origin experts on Qi Manor’s side was now seven!
Zhou Yuan frowned. No wonder Qi Yuan dared to declare war. It turns out that he had obtained a tremendous amount of support. Looks like a certain individual from the Great Wu Empire really intended to wipe out Great Zhou.
Zhou Qing asked in a hair-raising voice, “So Great Wu has already decided to take action?”
One of the six Alpha-Origin experts smiled faintly as he replied, “King Wu is a man of his word. Since he made a vow that Great Wu will not step into Great Zhou for a hundred years, he will naturally abide by it.”
“As for us six…” At this point, a toying smile emerged on his lips as he continued, “Several days ago, we announced that we have left the Great Wu Empire and joined Great Qi. In other words… we are not members of Great Wu and king Wu has naturally not gone back on his vow.”
Crack!
Zhou Qing’s fists clenched tightly as cracking noises emerged. It was obvious that he was fuming inside.
Qi Yuan smiled mockingly as he stared at Zhou Qing. Subsequently, the former’s voice was projected to every person in Great Zhou City with the aid of powerful Genesis Qi.
“Zhou Qing, I will give you half a day to make your decision. After half a day, I will attack the city. When that time comes, any and all resistance will be slaughtered!”
His murderous voice caused countless individuals to shiver as fear flooded their hearts.
Were the events from a dozen years ago really going to play out once again in Great Zhou City?

