Chapter 453 Ripples
The events that had transpired on the cultivation platform in Saint Genesis Peak ultimately spread in the rest of the sect. After all, any news related to the participants of the chief disciple selection at this juncture was sure to draw everyone’s attention.
What’s more, one of the individuals involved in the affair was the person with the lowest betting odds in the history of the Cangxuan Sect.
However, after hearing the details about the matter, the disciples originally prepared for some comic relief were so shocked that their eyes nearly popped from their sockets.
“What? Zhou Yuan defeated Wu Hai from elder Lu Hong’s faction in a single punch?”
“That Wu Hai is an initial eighth layer practitioner. Though his breakthrough was quite recent, he’s still stronger than Yang Xuan from the Sacred Palace.”
“Plus, Zhou Yuan didn’t even use his Heaven Genesis Weapon?”
“Wu Hai is far too useless…”
“Wu Hai isn’t useless, but overly careless. He likely never expected Zhou Yuan to grow so much over the past month. If Wu Hai had gone all out from the start, it would definitely not be an easy fight for Zhou Yuan.” Another disciple stated his logical analysis.
“No matter what, you have to admit that Zhou Yuan does have some ability.”
“......”
All kinds of discussions started based on this information, however, the matter ultimately did not cause big splashes. After all, neither Zhou Yuan nor Wu Hai were key figures in the chief disciple selection. Hence, the battle between them only managed to garner a tiny bit of attention, before quickly being forgotten by everyone.
At the end of the day, the countless gazes in the Cangxuan Sect focused once again on the hottest contenders for the various chief disciple selections.
Compared to such dazzling existences, the likes of Zhou Yuan and Wu Hai were really akin to small splashes.
...
Saint Genesis Peak, Lu Hong’s faction.
In a certain hall.
On the chief chair, Lu Hong’s old face was rather stormy as he icily stared at the fearful and angry face of Wu Hai, who was standing with his hands behind his back. “How useless. I can’t believe a small errand like probing Zhou Yuan’s abilities can result in such an accident.”
“And you still have the gall to return after being defeated in a single punch by a fourth layer Alpha-Origin practitioner.”
Wu Hai’s face burned as he said, “Zhou Yuan seems to have grown substantially stronger over the past month. I only suffered because I was caught off guard.”
Lu Hong ignored the former’s explanation, as he grabbed a fist sized jade rock from a disciple beside him and poured Genesis Qi into it. A projection immediately appeared, displaying the fight between Zhou Yuan and Wu Hai.
This was a kind of projection stone that could make temporary recordings.
Lu Hong glued his eyes to Zhou Yuan’s figure. A long while later, when Zhou Yuan closed in on Wu Hai and punched, the former’s eyes flickered faintly for a moment.
“The brat’s punch is unexpectedly powerful…” Remarked a disciple beside Lu Hong.
“Although junior brother Wu Hai was unprepared, he managed to create numerous Genesis Qi defenses in that split second, but they were still destroyed by Zhou Yuan’s punch. From the previous information we gathered, he should not have such strength.”
“The strange thing is that Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi undulations are still at the fourth layer. Though they have risen slightly, it has yet to reach the level of power he displayed…”
The other disciples in the hall nodded in agreement, equally puzzled by this observation.
The rays from the jade stone in Lu Hong’s hands slowly withdrew as the projection dissipated, before the stone shattered into tiny pieces.
“There’s nothing strange about it…” Lu Hong’s tone was that of indifference. “It’s because he learnt some kind of external cultivation technique that powered up his physical body. The reason why that punch was so powerful was because it contained the combined might of his Genesis Qi and physical body.”
He was a Divine Dwelling stage expert after all. Though others had failed to understand the secret behind Zhou Yuan’s punch, Lu Hong had figured it out in a single glance.
“An external cultivation technique?”
The crowd was first stunned, before being struck by a flash of understanding.
No wonder Zhou Yuan’s punch had been so powerful. It turns out that he had learnt an external cultivation technique to strengthen the power of his physical body.
“What an ambitious kid… to think that he plans to practice both internal and external cultivation. Isn’t he overestimating his abilities?” A mocking smile rose from the corners of Lu Hong’s mouth.
Genesis Qi cultivation was split into two paths, internal and external.
Internal cultivation was to absorb and accumulate drop after drop of Genesis Qi in one’s Qi Dwelling. In a fight, one’s Genesis Qi would be as boundless as the ocean with immeasurable might that could to move mountains and overturn the seas.
On the other hand, external cultivation was to use the absorbed Genesis Qi to temper one’s flesh and blood. When the time came, the power of the body would be able to crush mountains and split the earth in an exceedingly tyrannical manner.
Each path had their advantages, but overall, most cultivators chose to focus on one.
Because concentrating on both internal and external cultivation would only lead to slower progress in both of them.
At the same time, practicing external cultivation techniques requires one to have abundant vital energy at all times, and replenishing this vital energy was one of the biggest problems faced by all external cultivators, because it would expand a tremendous amount of time and energy.
Normally speaking, very few individuals would select dual inner and outer cultivation. It would only make the two paths even harder to traverse, and progress would be far slower than focusing on one.
Due to these reasons, Lu Hong could not hold back his laughter when he discovered Zhou Yuan was engaging in inner and outer dual cultivation.
In his opinion, only those who bit off more than they could chew would foolishly believe that dual cultivation would make them exceptional.
In the hall, numerous disciples shook their heads as ridicule rose in their eyes. Even Wu Hai spat out a breath, before he gritted his teeth and said, “So it was because I carelessly allowed him to close in on me. If we fight again, I only need to obstruct him with Genesis Qi attacks, and make him exhaust all of his vital energy. When that happens, he will be incapable of bringing out the power of his body.”
Lu Hong’s expression gradually returned to indifference. After understanding the truth behind the matter, he no longer had any intentions of paying further attention to Zhou Yuan.
“The chief disciple seat must end up with our faction.” Lu Hong looked towards the many disciples in the hall. At the very front, were the six disciples who would be representing them in the upcoming chief disciple selection.
“Peak master Ling Jun has placed great emphasis on this matter. I also see no harm in letting all of you know now that peak master actually made a wager back then with sect master and the other peak masters to allow us to shift to Saint Genesis Peak.”
“If our faction fails to win the chief disciple position, Sword Cometh Peak will have to cough up a fifth of its cultivation resources… I’m sure all of you should know how huge this is.”
His words caused even the usually indifferent Yuan Hong to have a change in expression. The other disciples were overwhelmed, their eyes filled with shock.
A fifth of Sword Cometh Peak’s cultivation resources… it was a scale that they could not even imagine.
Lu Hong’s expression turned solemn. If they failed, peak master Ling Jun would surely be furious. It was due to this very reason that he had instructed Wu Hai to scout out Zhou Yuan, whom he usually could not even be bothered to give a glance...
He needed to ascertain the true strength of the participants from the other two factions to prevent any accidents from occuring.
Lu Hong slowly said, “... if we fail, we will be transferred back to Sword Cometh Peak. When that happens, our lives will definitely not be pleasant.”
His eyes turned frosty and stern as he stared at the crowd.
“That’s why, we must obtain the chief disciple seat!”
“Yes!” Wu Hai and the rest respectfully responded.
Yuan Hong also solemnly nodded his head, as an eerie smile emerged on his lips.
“Don’t worry teacher Lu, besides Zhou Tai, Zhang Yan and Lu Yan, who have a little ability, the other participants are useless and nothing to be worried about.”
“As for Zhou Yuan…”
Yuan Hong laughed, his eyes tinged with disdain. From the start, the fast rising newcomer over the past year had never once entered his eyes.
Lu Hong nodded, a gratified look in his eyes as he looked towards Yuan Hong. The latter was the culmination of his many years of sweat and blood, and the most reliable presence in the upcoming chief disciple selection.
He firmly believed that with Yuan Hong on the team, no one from the other two factions would be able to contend.

