Chapter 173 Leaving One’s Name on the Saint Tablet
The ground was scorched black and in a complete mess.
Wu Huang grimly looked towards the wounds on his arm as his eyes twitched slightly. He had not expected the sharpness of Tuntun’s claw attack to reach such an astonishing level.
His Genesis Qi defenses had not put up much of a resistance, and were easily torn apart.
Ye Ming approached Wu Huang, shooting a glance at the latter’s arm as his pupils shrank slightly. “This Genesis Beast is not normal.”
Wu Huang nodded. “Its bloodline is extremely powerful.”
The mysterious Genesis Beast was ferociously overbearing. He did not dare to hold anything back against it.
However, the current situation would very likely not allow him to engage it in a one on one fight.
Wu Huang coldly said, “If you have nothing else up your sleeves, I will be finding a way to leave on my own. None of us will be able to escape if this continues.”
The current situation was extremely unfavorable to them. Without mentioning the watching Zhou Yuan and gang, just those dozen grade 4 Genesis Beasts alone were already enough to give them a terrible headache.
If this continued, things would go wrong sooner or later.
Ye Ming also clearly understood this. He could not help but sigh as his gaze turned towards Zhou Yuan. “I did not expect the situation to develop in such a manner. Zhou Yuan is indeed a problem. No wonder he could become your arch-enemy…”
“But don’t worry, if we want to leave, they will not be able to stop us.”
He slowly walked forwards, both hands suddenly forming a seal as black vortexes surfaced in his pitch-black pupils and began to spin wildly.
“Night Devil Qi, Night Devil Heaven!”
Two night black beams of Genesis Qi abruptly shot out from Ye Ming’s eyes. In an instant, the entire land seemed to fall into an endless darkness.
Darkness filled the sky and covered the land. Not only was one’s sight obstructed, even one’s Spirit senses had been weakened to the limit.
Roar!
The grade 4 Genesis Beasts lost their sense of direction, making them afraid to carelessly attack. They held their positions and took measures to guard themselves as they released low roars.
“Keep close, gather together.” Zhou Yuan’s voice spread. Such darkness was difficult to dispel. Attacking alone would undoubtedly give the other side a chance to find an opening.
Zhen Xu and Luluo approached the origin of the voice, and kept close to Zhou Yuan’s side. As for Tuntun, its scarlet-red eyes swept across the area, before slowly moving backwards.
“Truly troublesome.”
Mumbled Ye Ming in the darkness.
He had originally planned on catching them off guard before striking. If the other side was to carelessly attack, he could gather his forces and wipe them out as fast as possible.
However, Zhou Yuan had swiftly responded, causing his plan to fail.
“Looks like we can only withdraw.”
He shook his head, before flicking with his finger. A faint sound was transmitted into the ears of Wu Huang, Zhe Ying and the rest, causing everyone to immediately fall back.
The darkness gradually faded.
Luluo immediately looked towards the area Wu Huang and the rest had been at, only to find that it was now empty. Their figures were already at the edge of the horizon, evidently having decided to escape some time ago.
“They’ve fled!” The outcome was clearly not to Luluo’s liking.
Zhou Yuan also felt rather regretful. It had been an opportunity to bury Wu Huang, Ye Ming and the rest here, but their seemingly endless bag of tricks made this task very difficult.
Zhou Yuan gazed in the direction they had disappeared in as his eyes narrowed slightly, icy killing intent flashing within.
“No hurry, we will have our chance. We’ll eventually have to decide the ultimate victor in the Saint Remains Domain after all.”
In the wake of Wu Huang and gang’s departure, the dozen grade 4 Genesis Beasts turned around and roared at Zhou Yuan’s group with the intent of chasing them off.
Roar!
However, Tuntun roared at them, its thunderous roar shaking the forest.
After being blasted by Tuntun’s roar, the grade 4 Genesis Beasts slowly withdrew.
Tuntun shook its body as it swiftly began to shrink. In the end, it returned to its usual dull gray appearance, a little cute but unremarkable.
After the earlier battle however, everyone clearly knew just how terrifying this lazy looking little fellow was.
Tuntun jumped onto Zhou Yuan’s shoulder, its beady eyes flickering as it patted him.
“Its asking about big sis Yaoyao.” Luluo helped interpret its words.
Zhou Yuan patted Tuntun’s head and said, “Yaoyao has already escaped them and is fine for the time being. She is likely recovering somewhere and will meet up again with us when she is back to full health.”
Only after hearing this did Tuntun feel a lot more relieved.
Bzz!
While they were talking, everyone suddenly sensed something and lifted their heads to peer into the sky. The Saint Tablet had suddenly started shaking.
Light converged towards it as ancient words began to appear.
Luluo uttered in astonishment, “Someone has left their name on the tablet!”
Zhou Yuan and Zhen Xu turned their attention over.
Only Yaoyao, Wu Huang and Ye Ming had managed to leave their names on the Saint Tablet, but now, another name was appearing beneath their’s.
“Jiang Quan, Dongxuan Continent.”
“Battle accomplishment; battled Zhen Xu, victory.”
Luluo cast a sympathetic gaze towards Zhen Xu. Having his name up there as a negative example was honestly a little humiliating.
Zhen Xu’s complexion was as pale as ever, no emotion visible on his face as he calmly said, “If not for his teammates hiding nearby, it would not have been so easy for him to beat me.”
However, his hands were tightly clenched, evidently not as cool inside as he appeared on the surface.
After all, Zhen Xu naturally had his pride as one of the apex level geniuses of the Cangmang Continent.
Zhou Yuan nodded in agreement. Given the pride displayed by Zhen Xu, the former believed that these were not the words of a sore loser. Moreover, those Dongxuan people were indeed very unscrupulous.
Anyone could see that from how they choose to ignore fairness and gang up on Yaoyao.
Moments after Jiang Quan’s name appeared, light began to gather again below it as another name swiftly began to emerge.
“Zhu Ying, Dongxuan Continent.”
“Battle accomplishment; battled Luluo, narrow victory.”
The corners of Luluo’s mouth instantly curved downwards. She had just mocked Zhen Xu, and now she too had become another ‘negative example’.
“How infuriating. Since when did I lose to her!” Luluo clearly did not accept this judgement. If not because she had been caught by surprise and let Little Frost be trapped, stopping them from combining their power, what could Zhu Ying possibly do against them?
While Luluo was shouting, light began to appear again, as another name slowly surfaced.
“Zhou Yuan, Cangmang Continent.”
“Battle accomplishment; battled Zhu Ying.”
“Victory.”
An expression of shock appeared on Zhou Yuan’s face. He never imagined that his previous battle with Zhu Ying would be acknowledged by the Saint Tablet, allowing his name to be engraved upon it.

