Chapter 163 Chance Encounter
Swish!
Dark gold Genesis Qi shot across the horizon, eventually landing on a certain mountain top as Zhou Yuan’s figure was revealed.
His expression was rather dark and stormy. During the day long journey he took to rush here, he had constantly tried to ask for information, but did not discover any news about Yaoyao.
The Saint Remains Domain was just too vast.
“Continuing to search like a headless fly is far too ineffective.” Zhou Yuan frowned. To obtain more information, he had to go where many were gathered.
“On the way here, the people in this area have been heading towards the southwest direction where a golden pond is said to have appeared. The pond is extremely mysterious and is rumored to be the materialization of a top tier blessing.” A look of thought was revealed on Zhou Yuan’s face.
“There should be many geniuses there, making it a hub of information. If I head there, I should be able to obtain news regarding Yaoyao.”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes flickered. Without any further hesitation, Genesis Qi surged as he once again transformed into a ray of dark gold light that dashed into the sky.
Half a day later.
A continuous mountain range appeared within Zhou Yuan’s sights. Thick fog lingered in the sky above it all year round, making it impossible to clearly see the situation inside. Faint Genesis Qi undulations were also present within the mist, spreading an aura of danger.
However, if one was to peer past the endless fog, one would seem to see a mysterious golden light fading and appearing at its deepest depths…
On the fringe of the mountain range.
Countless figures were pouring in from all directions, creating a line-up that appeared rather magnificent.
Evidently, news of the golden pool had already spread.
Zhou Yuan’s figure headed directly to the edge of the mountain range. He too did not dare to land in the fog, afraid that he might draw the attention of some unknown creature.
His figure landed in the forest. This was the outer region of the mountain range, and several figures could be seen flying towards the mountains. He too followed, occasionally stopping individuals to inquire about Yaoyao.
After some time, he managed to gather a bit more information. However, the majority only mentioned that they had caught glimpses of Wu Huang and his group chasing someone, but did not know the rough direction or location.
This caused Zhou Yuan’s frown to grow deeper and deeper.
Zhou Yuan did not slow down, the surrounding mists growing thicker and thicker around him. He could hear numerous roars and howls echoing from far away, while faint but violent Genesis Qi ripples pulsed from time to time.
Zhou Yuan flew out of the forest as a plain emerge in front of him. However, his footsteps suddenly came to a stop, because a figure had appeared some distance to his front.
There were faint skeleton like pictures on the figure’s clothes, while an extremely dark and icy aura emanated from him, causing a chill to fill the surrounding air.
Zhou Yuan frowned as he gazed at the figure, but he did not say anything and turned around to leave.
Pch!
However, just as he turned around, the figure lifted his hand and gray Qi suddenly shot out. The Qi released a piercing hiss, quick as lightning as it swept towards Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan sent a punch backwards as dark gold Genesis Qi surged, rippling the air as it scattered the cold gray Genesis Qi.
When the gray Genesis Qi was scattered, Zhou Yuan felt an icy Qi invade his body, slowing the flow of blood and causing his flesh to turn rigid wherever it passed.
However, just as the gray Genesis Qi was about to take another step, blood-red Qi whizzed out, devouring it in a single gulp.
“Oh?”
The figure let out a faint cry of surprise.
Zhou Yuan’s brows were tightly knitted together as he looked towards the figure and asked, “Who are you?”
He did not seem to know this person, but since the latter had attacked at their first encounter, meaning he was clearly here for Zhou Yuan.
The figure slowly turned around, only to reveal the extremely pale face of a young man. It was as if all the blood had been drained from him, and his ash-colored eyes seemed to contain the hair-raising aura of death.
He coughed softly, before he slowly said, “Yama Sect, Zhen Xu.”
“Zhen Xu (Very weak)?” Zhou Yuan was stunned. Soon after, he scanned the other party’s pale complexion as he nodded his head and said, “You are looking a little weak, you have to get more nourishment…”
The pale youth was expressionless as he stared at Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan shrugged. “It’s a joke. Does the honorable Little Yama King of the Yama Sect have nothing better to do than to come here and stop me? I believe there is no grudge between us.”
The youth called Zhen Xu flatly said, “The Yama Sect owes Saint Remains City a debt of gratitude.”
Only then did Zhou Yuan understand. It turns out that it was a helper enlisted by Xiao Tianxuan. What a capable fellow, to think that he would be able to employ even an apex level prided genius like the Little Yama King.
Zhou Yuan curiously asked, “How did you find me?”
“Someone else’s Universe bag should not be taken so casually.” Zhen Xu’s tone was completely calm, devoid of any feeling.
Zhou Yuan nodded, so that was how.
Zhen Xu shot a look at Zhou Yuan and said, “Xiao Tianxuan has almost been tormented to death by the blood poison you sent into his body. That’s why I have to capture you and bring you back to neutralize the poison for him.”
There was always a hint of eeriness in his voice, an eeriness that made one shiver all over.
Zhou Yuan flatly said, “He has only himself to blame.”
Zhen Xu said in an indifferent manner, “I do not have time to bother with the grudge between you two. I only need to capture you and bring you back to neutralize the poison. After which, the Yama Sect and Saint Remains City will no longer owe each other anything.”
Zhou Yuan shook his head. “I too have no time to bother with your debt.”
“I said I’m going to capture you, I did not say that I have to obtain your permission.” At the final word, Zhen Xu’s body suddenly shot forward like a phantom, pouncing straight at Zhou Yuan.
The hands inside his sleeves reached out, revealing their skeletal appearance. They had a grayish black hue, while a terrifying stench seemed to circle around them.
Sharp fingernails slashed, tearing even the air itself.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed, but he didn't retreat. Five fingers tightly clenched into a fist, dark gold Genesis Qi surging as a punch was sent flying. Its power was so great that the thick leaves beneath his feet were shredded to pieces.
Bang!
Fist and palm collided as two different Genesis Qis clashed, instantly cracking the ground below their feet.
“Corpse Poison Hand.”
A dark look flitted across Zhen Xu’s eyes as a chilling light appeared on his fingertips, viciously scratching the back of Zhou Yuan’s hand. Corpse poison was contained in the former’s hand and would invade the flesh of anyone that came into contact with it.
Screeech!
However, his fingertips did not draw blood but a spluttering of sparks.
Golden scales had emerged on the back of Zhou Yuan’s hand.
“Like to play with poison? Then have a taste of mine!”
Zhou Yuan icily chuckled as his palm thrust forward. Dark gold Genesis Qi whizzed out, squeezing out a line of blood that swiftly shot towards Zhen Xu’s head with a swish.
The line of blood was naturally the Dragon’s Resentment Poison.
Roar!
As it flew, the faint resentful roar of a dragon could be heard.
Zhen Xu’s eyes narrowed slightly. He knew that this was the blood poison that had brutally tortured Xiao Tianxuan. He did not dare to let it touch him, quickly waving his sleeves as layers of cold grayish black Genesis Qi gathered in front of him.
Sizzle sizzle!
The strand of Dragon’s Resentment Poison was continuously consumed, ultimately completely vanishing an inch from Zhen Xu.
Boom!
Two blasts of powerful Genesis Qi clashed, snapping the waists of the nearby trees, while Zhou Yuan’s and Zhen Xu’s figures were thrown backwards.
However, the instant Zhen Xu’s body was sent flying backwards, his expression suddenly turned graver as he caught sight of the ice-blue Genesis Qi sweeping towards him from the corner of his eye, creating layers of ice on the ground wherever it passed.
“Corpse Bone Finger!”
A lightning quick finger attack was sent out by Zhen Xu as an aura of death surged out. The green leaves on the ground were turned to dust when the grayish black Genesis Qi swept past.
Ch ch!
The attack tore through the ice-blue Genesis Qi.
Zhen Xu turned his head slightly, his expression somewhat grim as he stared at the forest to his right. Moments later, a petite figure slowly walked out with a smile.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes also fell upon the familiar figure, and was immediately stunned.
“Luluo?”

