Chapter 153 Measure
Bzzbzz! Every gaze in the area was raised towards sky where a dark golden pillar of Genesis Qi was rising into the heavens. This scene was not unfamiliar to everyone present. The same thing had also happened to them when they reached the Heaven Gate stage. It was known as Qi dashing through the Heaven Gate, and was measured in feet. Simply put, the higher one’s Qi rose, the more abundant one’s Genesis Qi was. Of course, there were also various other factors such as the grade of the Genesis Qi, the grade of the Qi Dwelling... It was not always the case that the higher one’s Genesis Qi rose, the stronger one would be in the future. But at the very least, for a certain period in one’s cultivation, the higher one’s Genesis Qi soared, the bigger the lead one would have over others. In a certain sense, this achievement represented one’s foundations. The sturdier and stronger one’s foundations, the greater the heights one’s Genesis Qi would reach when dashing past the Heaven Gate. “That kid has really ascended to the Heaven Gate stage…” “Already over 40 feet, that’s not bad at all…” “But it seems to be rising still?” “It will very likely approach its limit soon.” “......” Amongst the numerous whispers, the dark gold Genesis Qi pillar continued its unhurried ascent. A dozen breaths later, the whispers began to fade as everyone’s expressions changed slightly. The dark gold Genesis Qi pillar had unknowingly reached a height of over 70 feet. Such a height had already surpassed many of those present. “Humph, he does have some ability.” Gu Ling’s pretty face had turned slightly cold. Back when she had advanced to the Heaven Gate stage, her Genesis Qi had only reached slightly over 70 feet. Zhou Yuan’s result was already comparable to her own. Xiao Tianxuan did not remark, the expression in his eyes fluctuating indeterminately as he stared at the dark gold pillar. A faint sense of unease rose within him. He had discovered that even till now, the dark gold Qi pillar was still very concentrated and showed no signs of waning. In other words, Zhou Yuan still had a substantial amount of reserves. It was indeed as he had expected. The rate at which the dark gold Qi pillar climbed did not drop, but instead began to increase... *Uproar*! An uproar washed over the mountains, gaze after gaze filled with astonishment. Swish! After another ten breaths, the rising dark gold Qi pillar broke past the 90 feet mark, directly reaching a hundred feet under Xiao Tianxuan’s ashen complexion. Numerous faces began to be colored by emotion. A hundred feet. This result was able to match the top tier geniuses... Did Zhou Yuan really have such talent and potential? One of the onlookers wiped away the cold sweat on his forehead as he muttered, “It’s already reached a hundred feet, it should be over now, right?” However, the dark gold Qi pillar seemed to have heard this individual’s words. The moment it reached a hundred feet, its speed suddenly began to rise rapidly. The previous foot by foot progress had now turned into a ten feet by ten feet dash... *Uproar*! *Uproar*! Wave after wave of noise pulsed across the mountains as if unable to stop. Xiao Tianxuan’s and Gu Ling’s expressions grew uglier and uglier. 130 feet, 150 feet, 200 feet... In the short span of a dozen breaths, the dark gold Qi pillar had already reached 200 feet! The place had become very silent, disbelief on everyone’s faces. “Still not stopping?” A trembling voice rang out, the owner looking at the Qi pillar as if it was a monster. The number of individuals whose Qi could reach 200 feet in the Cangmang Continent could be counted one one hand! The names of every one of these geniuses was well known in the Cangmang Continent. Trembling gaze after gaze watched the dark gold Qi pillar continue its climb. In the end, it gradually reached its limit, stopping at a whopping height of 484 feet! 484 feet! The entire mountain range was dead silent. Cold sweat had appeared on everyone’s foreheads. They never heard of anyone who had ever been able to reach this height! Just how much Genesis Qi was required to achieve this? One must know that even some of the advance Heaven Gate experts present may not be able to achieve such a feat. Yet, Zhou Yuan had done it moments after reaching the Heaven Gate stage... Which is to say, the amount of Genesis Qi he had at the initial Heaven Gate stage was not any less than an advance Heaven Gate stage expert! How had Zhou Yuan done it?! Within the silence, Xiao Tianxuan’s expression was already extremely ugly. Zhou Yuan had never been able to enter the former’s eyes, and had all along only been akin to a troublesome rat. Yet, the little rat had now clearly shown Xiao Tianxuan just how huge a gap there was between their potentials... After all, even Wu Huang’s greatness would be thoroughly suppressed by the result of 484 feet. Gu Ling’s teeth were tightly clenched. Zhou Yuan dominance was clearly not something she wished to see. Even so, her heart still trembled faintly. From the scene before her eyes, she knew that Zhou Yuan’s future was definitely limitless. His talent was not to be underestimated! Beside Gu Ling, Xiao Tianxuan suddenly icily said, “He… must die.” The intense killing intent within his voice made even Gu Ling shiver for a moment. She turned her head, and saw that Xiao Tianxuan’s expression was calm and collected. However, Gu Ling could also clearly see the fear that had flitted across his eyes, fear that was soon replaced by ruthlessness. Previously, Xiao Tianxuan had merely viewed Zhou Yuan as a rat, but now, the former was beginning to feel threatened, very deeply threatened. Genesis Qi that reached 484 feet at the Heaven Gate stage already spoke volumes about his sturdy foundations and talent. Such a person would definitely accomplish amazing things in the future if all went well. However, for Xiao Tianxuan and Saint Remains City, this person would become a huge threat. Since the grudge had already been made, he had to make sure cleanly cut off such a threat. “Whoever kills Zhou Yuan will be awarded 5 million Genesis crystals.” Xiao Tianxuan’s deep voice slowly echoed. The eyes of numerous individuals in the area began to fill with greed. 5 million Genesis crystals was no small sum. It seems that Xiao Tianxuan’s killing intent towards Zhou Yuan had already reached its peak. However, although many were tempted, some of the smarter individuals present decisively decided to withdraw from the area after some thought, clearly no longer planning on interfering in the grudge between Xiao Tianxuan and Zhou Yuan. The previous Zhou Yuan was merely a Qi Nourishing small fry, hence why they did not mind eliminating the former for Xiao Tianxuan. However, the situation was now different. Zhou Yuan had broken through to the Heaven Gate stage, and had displayed his extremely terrifying potential. The small fry had turned into a huge whale all of a sudden... It was naturally fine if such a person was killed here, but if he were to escape and allowed to grow, his revenge would surely be catastrophic. Those present were elites amongst their generations, and there were few fools amongst them. After some considerations, everyone naturally made their decision. Xiao Tianxuan’s face twitched faintly as he watched several people withdraw. Soon after, the murder in his eyes intensified. There were still quite a number of people left in the area, but none of them acted rashly, choosing instead to cautiously observe for the time being. It was at this moment that a clear whistle rang out in the mountains. As the whistle dashed into the sky, the mountain top crumbled, a figure shooting out before slowly landing on the ground. He landed on the ruins of the mountain top, opened his mouth and violently inhaled. The pillar of dark gold Genesis Qi that had reached 484 feet rapidly shrunk, and was eventually swallowed into the figure’s stomach. Rumble! Powerful Genesis Qi undulations began to pulse from the figure’s body, his aura surging as the air around him trembled. Clothes flapping wildly, the young figure turned around and looked in Xiao Tianxuan’s direction. The revealed face naturally belonged to Zhou Yuan. He stared at Xiao Tianxuan, a smile seemingly appearing on his face. “5 million Genesis crystals is truly a huge sum, even I am a little tempted to hand my head over to you…” His five fingers slowly closed into a fist as he paused. “However, before thinking about that, I believe that it is time for us to settle our debt…”

