Chapter 149 The Fisherman Waits and Reaps
 Boom! Boom!
The sound of Genesis Qi blasting something continuously rang out in the remains of what was once a forest. Sharp earth spikes shot out of the ground one after another, gleaming with an icy sharpness.
Blood dripped from the Wind Thunder Beast’s enormous body as it struggled within the earth spike array. Its mutilated flesh a clear sign that it had been gravely injured.
However, the Saint Remains squad was not doing too well either. Although Xiao Tianxuan had used numerous trump cards to injure the Wind Thunder Beast, it was still a grade 4 Genesis Beast that was comparable to an Alpha-Origin expert.
Hence, its crazed counter attack had torn genius after genius to pieces.
The entire battlefield was an extremely wretched sight.
“Quick, it’s about to fall!” Howled Xiao Tianxuan. The confidence from before was no longer present as his red eyes locked onto the desperately struggling Wind Thunder Beast. He had used practically all of his trump cards in this hunt, a state akin to gambling till one was left in only underwear.
Upon hearing his howl, the Saint Remains squad members drummed up one final surge of energy, madly bombarding the nearly spent Wind Thunder Beast with the last ounce of Genesis Qi they could muster.
As he watched the situation gradually tip in their favor, Xiao Tianxuan finally breathed a sigh of relief as if a heavy burden had been lifted from his shoulders. Ecstasy and excitement no longer concealable on his face.
Though the battle today had been a bitter one, he had finally emerged as the victor. It was easy to imagine how his name would soon spread, making his reputation no less than any of the super elite geniuses.
The Saint Remains squad would have also proven themselves, making it easier to recruit more members and grow their reputation, eventually allowing them to become a tyrant like existence in the Saint Remains Domain.
When that happened, Xiao Tianxuan would have the power to vie with the super elite geniuses.
As for that brat Zhou Yuan, he would be no problem at all.
While Xiao Tianxuan was fantasizing about the future, he did not notice that a figure had stealthily slipped into the chaotic battlefield.
The figure was naturally Zhou Yuan. No one had noticed him due to the chaos.
He watched the Wind Thunder Beast’s injuries grow worse and worse under the seemingly endless waves of attacks as his eyes flashed in thought. He could not allow Xiao Tianxuan and his squad to kill the beast.
Otherwise, how would he become the fisherman that reaps everything in the end?
Hence, his figure suddenly shot forward, making it seem as if he was aggressively charging at the Wind Thunder Beast.
Boom!
However, although the Wind Thunder Beast was heavily injured, it was still full of ferocity. A punch was sent flying towards him, blowing away Zhou Yuan. No one saw the tiny shadow that had flown out of his sleeves and landed on a certain spot on the Genesis Rune boundary.
Within the shadow was a scroll, a Genesis Rune scroll to be more precise.
A ray of light exploded from the Genesis Rune scroll at this moment. Although it was not large, it just so happened to cover a certain area at the center of the Genesis Rune boundary.
Crack!
A faint crack was suddenly heard. The seemingly infinite sharp stone spikes gradually came to a stop, while the suction force that had trapped the Wind Thunder Beast abruptly disappeared.
The disappearance of the suction force initially stunned the Wind Thunder Beast, but a creature as quick as it soon realised what had happened. It immediately released a roar as its battered body shot forth, shredding two individuals with a swipe of its claw.
“The Genesis Rune boundary has been broken!”
Someone finally discovered that something was wrong as a horrified piercing cry escaped.
The members of the Saint Remains squad that had originally been about to charge at the Wind Thunder Beast immediately did a 180, beating a hasty retreat and no longer daring to approach. Although the beast was gravely injured, it still had to power to easily kill any of them.
Xiao Tianxuan’s expression changed drastically as he hurriedly yelled, “Don’t be afraid! It’s already on the verge of death. Stop it quickly, we cannot let it escape!”
He could already see that the Wind Thunder Beast had escaped their encirclement, and was planning on fleeing.
However, his yells were of little use. Many had died, while the threat of death had already been thoroughly beaten into the rest.
Roar!
By borrowing this tiny gap, the Wind Thunder Beast’s enormous body suddenly shot forth, all the remaining Wind Thunder Genesis Qi swirling around its body as it transformed into a flash of green and black that dashed into the vast mountain range.
“Useless trash! All of you are useless trash!”
Xiao Tianxuan flew into a rage, no longer able restrain himself after seeing the Wind Thunder Beast escape. He had practically used up every trump card in his arsenal to hunt the Wind Thunder Beast, trump cards that would have allowed him to briefly vie with the super elite geniuses.
Moreover, the breath of extremely pure Genesis Qi from killing the grade 4 Wind Thunder Beast may have been his chance to reach the peak of the Heaven Gate stage, or even enable him to touch the Alpha-Origin.
Unfortunately, everything had gone up in flames.
Gu Ling arrived behind Xiao Tianxuan, a rather ugly look on her pretty face. They had paid such a steep price, but it had all been for naught.
Xiao Tianxuan roared at the Saint Remains squad members, “Idiots! Chase after it!”
In response, indignant looks appeared on the squad members’ faces. They had only chosen to join because of Xiao Tianxuan’s promise that he would be able to deal with the grade 4 Wind Thunder Beast, but look at how many had been injured or killed, they were practically using their lives in exchange for results.
“Humph, even if we do kill that Wind Thunder Beast, the first person to benefit would be you. Why should we pay for your benefits with our lives? This little lord will no longer stay in your Saint Remains squad!” One of the more irritable individuals coldly snorted, ignoring Xiao Tianxuan’s ugly expression as the former turned around and left.
Now that someone had taken the lead, more and more members left one after another. Of the Saint Remains squad’s originally grand line-up, only a few lonely figures remained.
This sight infuriated Xiao Tianxuan so much that he nearly blacked out and vomited a mouthful of blood.
Things had turned out very differently than he had expected.
He could not figure it out. Why had the originally stable situation slipped out of control so suddenly?
...
While Xiao Tianxuan was hopping with rage, Zhou Yuan’s figure quietly slipped deeper into the mountains, his gaze fixed towards a certain direction.
He knew that the heavily injured Wind Thunder Beast would definitely draw numerous coveting eyes. In fact, some of those originally watching from far away may even begin to entertain certain thoughts.
However, the Wind Thunder Beast was extremely quick. It would not be easy to find it again in the vast mountain range.
Even so, Zhou Yuan had made his preparations. When he moved earlier, he had secretly left behind some powder on the beast without anyone realising, allowing him to track it.
Hence, his pushed his speed to the limit as he dashed through mountain after mountain.
His chase lasted a whole four hours.
As the saying went, the heavens do not let down those who are determined. When Zhou Yuan arrived at the top of a certain hill and cast his gaze into the distance, he saw a familiar giant beast by the lakeside, weakly lying in a pool of blood.
This scene caused Zhou Yuan to breathe a sigh of relief as if a heavy burden had been relieved from his shoulders.
He had finally found it.

