Chapter 128 The Youth in Ash Robes
On the peak of a certain mountain.
Zhou Yuan was seated on a boulder, his eyes lightly shut. A baby fist sized milky white crystal ball hovered three feet above his head, seemingly divine light sprinkling down and enveloping Zhou Yuan.
An illusory figure was seated cross-legged between Zhou Yuan’s brows, greedily absorbing every wisp of divine light. Every bit of light that entered the Spirit seemed to make it a little more corporeal than before.
This training lasted for nearly two hours before Zhou Yuan slowly opened his eyes.
The milky white crystal ball above his head slowly descended, ultimately submerging into the spot between his brows. The illusory figure was still seated between his brows, but there was now a milky white crystal ball floating above its head that constantly gave off divine light, making the Spirit more corporeal little by little.
The light from the crystal ball was akin to a circular light screen that protected Zhou Yuan’s Spirit, allowing no foreign presence to enter.
After ending his training, Zhou Yuan shook his head in regret. Although he could feel that his Spirit was growing increasingly corporeal, he was ultimately unable to break through into the advance Illusory stage.
“Spirit cultivation is truly difficult.” Zhou Yuan sighed.
However, he understood that cultivation could not be hurried, and had to be taken a step at a time. Hence, he soon dispelled such thoughts as his figure floated down from the mountain.
In the spacious forest.
When Zhou Yuan returned, he saw Yaoyao and Luluo seated on the ground, while Tuntun was carrying a recently hunted Genesis Beast in his mouth some distance to their front. It joyfully hopped in front of Yaoyao and presented his catch to her.
It clearly wanted Yaoyao to roast the beast for it to eat.
However, Yaoyao merely swept Tuntun an uninterested gazed and said, “Don’t know.”
Tuntun was stunned for a while, before looking towards Luluo.
The green haired girl blinked, a dazzling smile revealing itself as she shook her head and said, “I don’t know how to do such chores either.”
It obvious that this was another young lady that had everything delivered to her with a wave of her hand. How could she possibly know how to roast meat?
Tuntun gave up and powerlessly fell to the ground.
“Another little lady.” Zhou Yuan helplessly watched this scene. He had only went to train for a while, and they were now hungrily staring at each other, clearly no indication of anyone going to do any chores even if their lives were at stake.
Zhou Yuan walked forward, causing Tuntun to immediately bark happily at him.
“Little bastard, you only know how to curry favor with me at such a time.” Cursed Zhou Yuan inside, but he still walked over and began to get busy, removing the skin of the Genesis Beast before placing it on a rack to roast.
Yaoyao felt a little embarrassed when she saw how busy Zhou Yuan was and asked with some concern, “Still no breakthrough?”
Zhou Yuan shrugged.
Yaoyao pondered for a moment before she said, “If you should be able to advance if you absorb a drop of Spirit source energy.”
Luluo cupped her cheeks with her tiny hands as she said, “But big sis Yaoyao, didn’t you say that two Genesis resources are needed to achieve the full effect of the Spirit source energy?”
“What are the two Genesis resources called?”
Zhou Yuan interjected, “The Underworld Spirit Fruit and the Vermillion Blood Grass.”
He frowned as he continued, “These two Genesis resources are rarely seen and not easy to find.”
Luluo smiled. “No hurry, we should be able to buy them once we reach Saint Remains City.”
Saint Remains City was one of the largest cities just outside the Saint Remains Domain, while the city lord residence was one of the strongest factions in the vast Saint Remains Domain.
The group’s current destination was Saint Remains City. Once they reached it, they be as close as they could to the Saint Remains Domain.
Zhou Yuan nodded. Looks like that was the only option.
Zhou Yuan suddenly said, “As for the Gu clan, will there be any trouble? Since we took their supreme treasure, I don’t think they will let us off.”
Yaoyao responded, “We’ve already publicized their evil schemes, and they should currently be under a lot of pressure. They should not have the time to deal with us, but it wouldn’t hurt for us to be a little careful.”
Zhou Yuan nodded.
After toiling for an hour, he was finally done roasting the Genesis Beast. Zhou Yuan retrieved a dagger and cut a slice for each of the two young ladies, before dumping a good chunk of the leftovers to the drooling Tuntun.
Dong dong!
However, while they were engrossed in enjoying their food, they suddenly felt the ground begin to shake.
The trio lifted their heads and peered into the depths of the mountain, only to see numerous Genesis Beast fleeing in fright as if something terrifying was right at their heels.
Luluo muttered in alarm, “It can’t be the Gu clan, right?”
Zhou Yuan eyebrows knitted together as Genesis Qi began surging around his body. His eyes were tightly fixed on the dense forest where he could faintly sense an extremely sharp and dangerous sensation.
Was it really the Gu clan?
A long while later, a rustling sound emerged from the depths of the dense foliage under Zhou Yuan’s alert gaze, and he watched as a figure slowly walk out.
As the figure emerged, Zhou Yuan was finally able to get a clear view of him.
It was a young man in ash colored robes. He carried a heavy black sword on his back, while a piece of black cloth had been wrapped around his eyes. Even so, his footsteps were both firm and steady.
Moreover, wherever he passed, the trees nearby would silently split open, the revealed interiors smooth as a mirror.
“What formidable sword Qi!”
Zhou Yuan’s expression turned grave as he observed the youth whose eyes were wrapped in black cloth. The aura from the latter’s body made him feel a prickling pain all over his skin. It was obvious that this young man was astonishingly powerful.
The youth in ash robes slowly approached, eventually arriving before Zhou Yuan’s group.
Roar!
Tuntun released a low roar, black light surfacing within its mouth.
The youth’s footsteps paused, clearly having sensed several extremely powerful existences in front of him.
Zhou Yuan vigilantly watched the youth in ash robes. They would take action the moment they detected any strange movements from the latter.
Thus, the atmosphere became silent for a time.
Growl.
However, the atmosphere was suddenly broken a moment later by a certain sound as strange expressions emerged in the Zhou Yuan trio’s eyes. The sound had come from the stomach of youth in ash robes who had just made an extremely cool entrance.
The situation became rather awkward all of a sudden.
An almost undetectable tremble seemed to ripple past on the youth in ash robes’ face as he finally opened his mouth and croaked, “I’ve been starving for three days.”
Pfff.
Luluo could no longer hold back her laughter.
The corners of Zhou Yuan’s mouth twitched. Brother, your entrance was so cool. Why did you have to use such a comical opener.
However, he also breathed a sigh of relief. Looks like it wasn’t the Gu clan.
“It just so happens that we have some food here, we can eat together.” Zhou Yuan pointed at the remaining half of the roast meat.
The youth in ash robes nodded at Zhou Yuan before seating himself. He did not bother with any pleasantries, immediately grabbing the roast meat as he began to ravenously wolf it down.
Zhou Yuan was a little shocked by the sight of him eating. “There are Genesis Beast all over in the mountains, why didn’t you just kill one and roast it to eat?”
The youth in ash robes swallowed the meat in his mouth, before he replied, “Don't’ know how, it will taste horrible.”
Zhou Yuan let out an exasperated chuckle. All three of them were little lords and ladies. Come on, he was also a prince in the Great Zhou Empire, how had it come to this point where he was now practically a chef?!
Luluo propped up her chin, all smiles as she stared at the youth in ash robes and remarked in a drawn out voice, “I never thought that I would actually encounter the rumored Blind Sword of the Sword Empire…”

