Chapter 156 Python Swallows Devil Halo
A titanic scarlet-red halo floated above Xiao Tianxuan, emitting scorching and berserk undulations that dried up and cracked that ground below. Every gaze in the mountain forest was tinged with fear and astonishment as they watched this scene. "That's… a little Heaven Genesis technique!" "Xiao Tianxuan is the junior city lord of Saint Remains City, it is not strange for him to have mastered one." "Xiao Tianxuan has so many trump cards... " "It's going to become dangerous for Zhou Yuan. Given Xiao Tianxuan's strength, even those super elite geniuses will have to face such power with seriousness." "It's a little Heaven Genesis technique after all, its power is enough to be a game changer." “......” Numerous whispers rang out. There was now a trace of pity in the gazes that looked towards Zhou Yuan. The latter had displayed his extremely solid foundations when he advanced to the Heaven Gate stage, but it was ultimately still only the initial Heaven Gate stage. Someone sighed, "Zhou Yuan is still young and has yet to realise his full potential. If he had patiently bided his time instead and mastered the little Heaven Genesis technique, Xiao Tianxuan will not be able to do anything against him." Gu Ling's pretty face radiated with happiness when she was this. Her gaze turned towards Zhou Yuan, a mocking look emerging as she said, "The consequences of angering Xiao Tianxuan is not something the likes of you can withstand... " Under those numerous pitying gazes, Zhou Yuan's expression turned rather grave as he stared at the giant scarlet-red halo above Xiao Tianxuan. The undulations that pulsed from it were extremely destructive. Such power had indeed far surpassed the high grade Black tier level. "Can't believe that he has mastered a little Heaven Genesis technique... " Muttered Zhou Yuan under his breath. Xiao Tianxuan was indeed a formidable foe. If it was before his breakthrough, he would likely have no choice but to avoid. Unfortunately for Xiao Tianxuan… Dark gold Genesis Qi began to surge out of Zhou Yuan's body, swirling and expanding around him like a howling dark gold hurricane. Astonishing undulations pulsed outwards, shaking the mountain below his feet. Gasp after gasp rang out when the onlookers saw this scene. "Zhou Yuan is really remarkable. He's only at the initial Heaven Gate stage, but his Genesis Qi levels does not lose to an advance Heaven Gate stage practitioner." "Moreover, from how concentrated his Genesis Qi looks, it's definitely not low grade." "No wonder he dares to pit himself against Xiao Tianxuan... " "But even so, I'm afraid that he is still not Xiao Tianxuan's match." “...” The scarlet-red halo above Xiao Tianxuan faintly trembled, a sign that its power was about to approach its peak. His cold eyes gazed at Zhou Yuan as he said, "Why do you still try such meaningless actions, wouldn't it be better to obediently wait for death?" His finger slowly extended, pointing towards Zhou Yuan as an emotionless voice echoed from his mouth. "Little Heaven Genesis technique, Scarlet Devil Wheel." Bzzz! The giant scarlet-red halo shook violently for a moment, before suddenly disappearing from sight a split second later. It was too fast to be seen by the naked eye, the only things everyone was able to observe was space distort and a flash of scarlet. As scarlet swept past, the ground below dried up and crumbled. In the face of such a devastating attack, even those with the strength of the Heaven Gate stage would feel their scalps turn numb. Was this the power of a little Heaven Genesis technique? If they were the ones in Zhou Yuan's place, they would not even have any chance of dodging and be killed in an instant… Scarlet light lit up the horizon, rapidly enlarging in Zhou Yuan's eyes. Even the surrounding air seemed to burn, producing a burnt smell. Huu. A breath was slowly dispelled from Zhou Yuan's mouth. His hands came together as a low voice seemed to quietly escape his lips. “Omni Python Qi, Python Swallows the Heavens!” The instant Zhou Yuan’s voice was heard, the dark gold Genesis Qi storm around him suddenly expanded once again. One could only watch as a dark gold giant python emerged from the storm. Python Swallows the Heavens technique! Back then, Zhou Yuan had used this move to kill Wang Chaotian. Although he had only been able to use it with the aid of Silver Shadow, after stepping into the Heaven Gate stage, he was now able to activate it with his own power. However, the giant dark gold python appeared rather illusory, evidence that its power was pretty lacking compared to the previous time it was used. Though this was so, Xiao Tianxuan was also unable to match an Alpha-Origin expert like Wang Chaotian. Hsss! The giant Genesis Qi python hissed, opening its enormous mouth to swallow the incoming scarlet wheel. Boom boom! Sounds of explosions rang out from the dark gold giant python’s body, but did not continue for long. Meanwhile, the python’s titanic body shrank with each explosion. The little Heaven Genesis technique that Xiao Tianxuan had put all his power into had been easily neutralized in this manner. “How is this possible?!” Countless cries of surprise rang out at practically the same time, eye after eye nearly popping from their sockets. How could they have imagined such an outcome... To think that Xiao Tianxuan’s terrifyingly powerful little Heaven Genesis technique had disappeared like this without causing even a tiny ripple. How had Zhou Yuan done it?! The expression on Xiao Tianxuan’s face turned rigid little by little. Some distance behind him, Gu Ling looked as if she had just saw a ghost, her mouth so wide an egg could be easily popped in. “It seems that your little Heaven Genesis technique has yet to be properly mastered… its power seems to be a little weak.” Zhou Yuan chuckled when he saw Xiao Tianxuan’s stiff expression. His Python Swallows the Heavens technique was the strongest technique in his current arsenal. In addition, because it originated from the Omni Python Qi, the power from the combination of the two was even more devastating. In fact, even the Alpha-Origin expert Wang Chaotian had been directly swallowed whole by it. “What kind of Genesis technique is this?!” Xiao Tianxuan’s complexion was ashen. Zhou Yuan ignored the question. With a flick, the now much smaller dark gold python abruptly darted forward, heading straight for Xiao Tianxuan. The python was extremely quick, appearing in front of Xiao Tianxuan in a flash. Fear finally flitted across Xiao Tianxuan’s eyes. He gritted his teeth as rapidly retreated, while another jade pendant appeared in his hand and was quickly snapped. Bzz! A circular shield of light appeared in front of him. It was obviously another defensive Genesis treasure. Boom! The dark gold python slammed into the shield causing it to ripple violently. Xiao Tianxuan continued to hurriedly flee backwards as cracks began to appear on the shield. His gaze flickered in calculation. In the end, a grudging look flitted across his eyes as his figure retreated back to Gu Ling’s side, grabbing her wrist as he shouted, “Go!” A scroll appeared in his hand and was quickly torn. Rays of light instantly exploded from it, swallowing the both of them. Crack! However, the shield also broke at this moment. There was no time for the python to bite them, but two small balls of blood-red Qi shot out from its mouth, burying themselves in Xiao Tianxuan’s and Gu Ling’s bodies. The light below their feet grew brighter and brighter, evidently some kind of Genesis Rune used for escaping. “You should leave behind something before you leave, right?” Zhou Yuan frowned. Xiao Tianxuan’s really had plenty of life preserving methods. However, did he think that Zhou Yuan would so easily let the latter escape as he pleased? With a cold chuckle, Zhou Yuan sent out a thought and a suction force emerged from the python’s mouth. Xiao Tianxuan could only watch in surprise as the Universe bag at his waist flew out and was swallowed by the python. However, the Genesis Rune below his feet completed its activation at this moment. Light enveloped the two figures as they disappeared with a swish. Although Xiao Tianxuan had disappeared, his exasperated howl echoed. “Zhou Yuan, I will not let you off!”

