Chapter 188 Two Dragons
The instant Zhou Yuan and Wu Huang’s figures broke through the ten thousand feet tall green wave and dashed into the clouds, the atmosphere outside and inside of the Saint Remains Domain abruptly reached its boiling point.
Countless were stupefied.
No one had expected that there would not be one but two who broke through the final obstacle. Moreover… they were Wu Huang and Zhou Yuan.
Of course, the crowd was still able to accept Wu Huang since everyone knew of his reputation. Zhou Yuan on the other hand, was completely unbelievable.
After all, Zhou Yuan was only at the Heaven Gate stage.
Who could have imagined that amongst the many many geniuses in the Saint Remains Domain, a Heaven Gate stage practitioner would be the one to reach this stage...
Outside the Saint Remains Domain, there was only surprise on the faces of the representatives from the various factions.
“Zhou Yuan should be from the Great Zhou Empire?”
“The Great Zhou whose lands were taken away by the Great Wu Empire through some kind of plot? I thought that they had been wiped out by Great Wu…”
“Tch tch, can’t believe that such a talented individual would come from Great Zhou. His future possibilities will likely be limitless.”
“Zhou Yuan’s talent may indeed be extraordinary, but it’s a pity that he was not patient and tolerant enough. Wu Huang would not let him off for choosing to ascend the peak at such a time.”
“Yeah. Wu Huang is definitely not someone you should offend.”
“......”
Numerous whispers could be heard, but it was clear that everyone was not too optimistic about Zhou Yuan’s situation. Wu Huang was just far too famous, his strength practically immeasurable.
In comparison, although Zhou Yuan was a splendid dark horse, he was still weaker overall.
“Zhou Yuan is rather capable.” Several envoys could not help but remark when they saw this, some admiration in their gazes as they looked towards Zhou Yuan.
However, this clearly did not include Zhao Pan. He indifferently glanced Zhou Yuan’s figure and said, “His talent is not bad, but it’s a pity that he’s in a rush to seek death.”
Mu Wuji tapped pipe and said, “Young people should bravely advance, creating a path to the heavens from impossibility.”
Zhao Pan smiled coldly. “I’m afraid his path is more akin to the road to hell.”
Hints of mockery could be heard in Mu Wuji’s voice as he spoke, “Weren’t you the one who said that Zhou Yuan was completely incapable of competing with Wu Huang and the rest? Yet, he has now managed to ascend the peak at the same time as Wu Huang. Zhao Pan ah Zhao Pan, is your memory really so bad?”
Zhao Pan’s eyes hardened as he disdainfully said, “One may be able to somehow cheat their way through the steps, but a life or death battle will be next. That brat will undoubtedly die at Wu Huang’s hands.”
Mu Wuji smile faintly. “I’m just afraid that you’re going to lose all face again.”
Zhao Pan sneered chillingly. “Since you have such a high opinion of Zhou Yuan, I feel that you should get ready to collect his corpse.”
...
Zhou Yuan was naturally unaware of the various happenings on the outside. At this current moment, he seemed to be falling within the clouds.
His figure slowly landed, down towards mists. The seemingly endless stone steps had already disappeared.
“The steps to the mountaintop are gone.” Zhou Yuan’s eyes flashed.
As he fell, he suddenly realised his feet had touched solid ground, and the surrounding mists began to swiftly disperse.
Only now did Zhou Yuan discover that he was standing on an incomparably large white jade plaza of sorts which clearly lay upon the peak of the Saint mountain.
“This place is the peak of the Saint mountain!” Excitement blazed in Zhou Yuan’s eyes. After so much painstaking effort, he had finally reached his goal.
His eyes suddenly narrowed slightly as he looked to the front where the mists were swiftly dissipating, revealing a figure in golden robes standing with his hands behind his back.
The figure coldly looked over, endless killing intent surging around him.
Who else could it be but Wu Huang.
Their gazes met in the white jade plaza, killing intent spilling in every direction.
“I truly never expected this… back then, I could not even be bothered to give you a single glance, and now, you’ve come all the way here to stand on the same stage as myself…” Wu Huang’s voice was indifferent, without the slightest hint of any emotion.
“I do feel a little regret now. I should have taken things more seriously in the past, and completely destroy your Zhou clan.”
“If I had done so, it would have saved me a lot of trouble today.”
Back when Great Zhou was at its weakest, if he had given king Qi just a little more support, the latter might have overthrown the Great Zhou royal clan.
However, the him from back then had believed sending four Alpha-Origins would be enough.
Who could have imagined a single thought would make such a difference. The crippled dragon in his eyes had steadily advanced one step at a time, until he reached the very same stage Wu Huang now stood on… and now even posed a threat to him.
“I feel… that your regret will grow a little more after I kill you.” Zhou Yuan grinned, revealing a set of eerily white teeth, his killing intent bare for all to see.
“Ha, kill me? You? The crippled dragon of the Zhou clan?!” Wu Huang was expressionless, his gaze overflowing with unconcealed ridicule and haughtiness.
Zhou Yuan laughed. “Where does a petty thief like you find the face to act as if you’re in the right.”
“Petty thief?!” Mockery was rich in Wu Huang’s voice. “It seems that the pitiful worm you are really believes you’re that sacred dragon?”
Zhou Yuan shook his head. “I do not care whether or not I truly am that sacred dragon.”
He smiled faintly as he continued, “Wu Huang, that fateful event caused me to suffer endlessly over the years. However, I do not believe that it was all bad.”
“Similarly, that fateful event allowed you, the crown prince of Great Wu, to have smooth sailing life, never suffering a single setback or defeat. Likewise, this may not have been good for you either.”
A dark and cold expression emerged in Wu Huang’s eyes. Zhou Yuan’s speech made him feel an uncontrollable rage, because he had heard these very same words from someone that mattered a lot to him.
Wu Yao.
Wu Yao may speak such words to me, but how dare you crippled dragon of the Zhou clan?!
Moreover, how dare you use the same tone as her?!
Wu Huang closed his eyes, Genesis Qi madly churning around him, only gradually calming down a long while alter. However, anyone could tell that this calm was only temporary. Like a volcano, it was being suppressed for now for the sake of a more terrifying eruption later on.
“Zhou Yuan, after I kill you, I will personally lead an army to exterminate the Great Zhou empire!” Endless killing intent spilled from Wu Huang’s voice, causing the air to freeze.
Zhou Yuan raised his eyelids, his hand grasping around the Heavenly Yuan Brush as it grew with a flash of light, the sharp brush tip slanted at an angle towards the ground.
He stared at Wu Huang with a gaze that was similarly bone bitingly cold.
“Wu Huang, your Wu clan stole my blessings back then, took an arm from my father and caused my mother to lose a great deal of her lifespan… I will make sure to properly clear all of these debts with your Great Wu empire one by one.”
“And now, I will be taking the first one from you!”
Rumble!
Dark gold Genesis Qi exploded. Zhou Yuan’s clothes flapped, icy and deadly murder in his eyes.
“Haha!”
Wu Huang laughed heartily at the sky. “The likes of you?!”
“Haha, fine, fine. I will cut you down here today and use your blood to prove to Wu Yao whether or not I am the true dragon!”
Rumble!
Scarlet-red Genesis Qi erupted like a volcano, shaking the space around it.
Under the countless watching gazes both inside and outside the Saint Remains Domain, two boundless murder filled auras violently clashed like a storm on the white jade plaza.
The silhouette of a dragon seemed to rise behind them, roaring at the heavens.
The only difference was that Wu Huang’s dragon was gold, while the dragon behind Zhou Yuan was blood-red!

