Chapter 221 First Collection
Tiny wisps of what seemed to be the essence of the world drifted within the primal chaos like space, giving off an ancient aura.
With regards to the mysterious world essence like Qi, desire instinctively rose in Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan’s Spirit stood in this domain as his senses stretched forth. The domain seemed to be endless, making it impossible for him to find its boundaries.
“So this is the Alpha-Origin stage.”
Mumbled Zhou Yuan to himself. Only those that had stepped into the Alpha-Origin stage would be able to sense the Alpha-Origin Heaven and enter with their Spirit.
“I guess I’ll have to use my Spirit power to move the Alpha-Origin Qi here back into my body to begin transforming my Qi Dwelling.”
Evidently, the more powerful the Spirit, the greater one’s advantage in the Alpha-Origin Heaven. With a powerful Spirit, moving Alpha-Origin Qi would be more effective, allowing one to surpass others in this aspect.
At this point, Zhou Yuan laughed softly. This just so happened to be his strong point. Amongst those at the same level, he rarely encountered anyone whose Spirit was as powerful as his own.
With the exception of Yaoyao of course.
After all, not just anyone would possess a high class Spirit tempering method like the Primal Chaos Divine Grindstone Visualisation Method.
After the baptism of the Saint blood, Zhou Yuan’s Spirit had grown even more corporeal again, and was now at the perfect advance Illusory stage. All that was needed was an opportunity for him to smoothly reach the Corporeal stage.
Normally speaking, for those who did not practice any Spirit tempering methods, when their Genesis Qi cultivation reached the Alpha-Origin stage, their Spirit would also strengthen. However, this boost was limited, and most would only reach the initial Illusory stage.
In comparison to Zhou Yuan’s perfect Illusory stage, the distance between them was tremendous.
Therefore, at the very least, Zhou Yuan’s Spirit would give him a huge advantage at the Alpha-Origin level.
With these thoughts in mind, Zhou Yuan decided not to waste anymore time. His Spirit power extended, seemingly transforming into numerous giant invisible hands that began to scoop up the tiny streams of world essence Qi…
Spirit power swirled around his Spirit together with the now secured world essence, growing more abundant as wisp after wisp continued to be collected.
After an incense stick of time, the flowing world essence Qi around him had thickened to strands.
By this time, all of the world essence Qi in the vicinity had already been collected.
Ordinarily speaking, an initial illusory stage Spirit would only last about an incense stick of time in the Alpha-Origin Heaven, before being forcibly kicked out due to exhaustion.
However, Zhou Yuan was clearly not a part of this group. He could feel that his Spirit power was still sufficient, and thus began to drift forward, finding another spot that was abundant in world essence Qi, and begin the collection process again.
As such, the following period of time was spent happily collecting world essence Qi, only stopping when his Spirit began to tire.
By now, the world essence Qi swirling around Zhou Yuan’s Spirit was akin to tiny twisters, a pretty impressive sight indeed.
Zhou Yuan nodded as he gazed upon the fruits of his hard work in satisfaction. With a thought, his Spirit began to leave the Alpha-Origin Heaven.
The invisible Spirit herded the world essence Qi towards the pull of the physical body...
...
Genesis Mountain.
At this current moment, the dazzling golden light on the numerous cultivation platforms had already gradually dimmed. Stalk after stalk of Heavenly Genesis Flower drew back their leaves and petals, the golden glow they previously gave off now much duller, a sign that they had used up all their energy.
The many disciples sat on the cultivation platforms, their faces overflowing with joy. The training session had benefited them substantially, and most importantly, they had finally truly tasted the wonderfulness of entering the Cangxuan Sect.
The outside world was definitely unable to provide such a unique training method, because ordinary sects completely lacked the means...
Yaoyao stretched her back, boldly displaying the amazing curves of her slender waist that drew several barely detectable glances.
As a first class disciple, Yaoyao’s fame and reputation amongst the new disciples was even greater than Zhou Yuan’s. Many were already secretly trying to find out more information about her since yesterday.
After all, Yaoyao was just too beautiful. In addition, her cold and distant demeanor made it such that ordinary people would not dare to approach.
Only those first class disciples of the same status with ability worth bragging about would dare to have designs on her.
Yaoyao chose to completely ignore these gazes. With Tuntun again in her arms, she looked towards Zhou Yuan’s cultivation platform, and a soft cry of surprise suddenly sounded from her red lips, “Oh?”
She had sensed some strange activity from Zhou Yuan’s Spirit.
“This … his Spirit has entered the Alpha-Origin Heaven? Has he finally stepped into the first layer Alpha-Origin stage?” Yaoyao was somewhat surprised.
Bzz!
The moment Yaoyao’s words faded, a strange noise suddenly sounded in the sky. Numerous disciples lifted their heads in bewilderment, only to watch in astonishment as strands of world essence Qi began hanging down from high up the sky like a tassel.
“This is… Alpha-Origin Qi?!”
The sight of the world essence Qi caused numerous disciples to cry out in surprise.
“Someone has just stepped into the Alpha-Origin stage?” Everyone was somewhat stunned. The scene before their eyes was very familiar; it occured when someone reached the Alpha-Origin stage, linked to the Alpha-Origin Heaven and brought back Alpha-Origin Qi.
In other words, someone had ascended to the Alpha-Origin stage. However, there was someone who had yet to reach the Alpha-Origin stage amongst them?
“It’s Zhou Yuan!” Someone quickly regained his wits. Who else was there who had to reach the Alpha-Origin stage besides Zhou Yuan.
Thus, surprised gaze after gaze was cast in Zhou Yuan’s direction.
Sure enough, they saw that his eyes were still closed, the world essence Qi hanging down from the sky surrounding his body as it streamed in.
“Heh, he’s already caused such a ruckus at the quasi Alpha-Origin stage, wouldn’t that mean he’ll be going to turn the world upside down after he steps in the first layer Alpha-Origin?” Several Shengzhou first class disciples could not help but cheekily joke when they saw this.
In between there words was mockery and arrogance.
One of the first class disciples smiled as he asked Lu Feng, “Lu Feng, when you reached the Alpha-Origin stage, how long did the Alpha-Origin Qi you brought back last?”
Lu Feng’s face was impassive as he answered, “935 breaths.”
This period of time started when the Alpha-Origin Qi first appeared and ended when all of it entered the Qi Dwelling. It would normally be over pretty quickly, and was hence counted in breaths.
When one reached the Heaven Gate stage, the Genesis Qi dashing past the Heaven Gate was measured in feet.
At the Alpha-Origin stage, it was measured based on how much Alpha-Origin Qi was brought back. The more abundant the Alpha-Origin Qi, the longer it lasted.
“Awesome.” Praised the other first class disciples when they heard Lu Feng’s answer as their faces lit up with admiration. “The first time I brought back Alpha-Origin Qi, it only lasted for 400 breaths.”
“Me too.”
“Looks like brother Lu Feng’s Spirit is pretty strong too.”
Lu Feng chuckled softly. “I had a fortunate encounter in the past, and my Spirit just happened to reach the mid Illusory stage when I ascended to the the Alpha-Origin stage.”
“No wonder.” The crowd nodded. Most of them were only at the initial Illusory stage and naturally could not compare to Lu Feng.
“Hehe, I wonder how long the Alpha-Origin Qi Zhou Yuan brought back will last.” They grinned as they looked towards Zhou Yuan as if something amusing was going to happen.
Zhou Yuan’s victory over Han Shan had in a certain manner made the Shengzhou disciples lose face. Hence, they were naturally keen on gloating over him.
While the crowd was whispering, Gu Hongyi also looked over. The first time she had brought back Alpha-Origin Qi, it had lasted a thousand breaths, a record even longer than Lu Feng’s.
Hence, she too was interested to find out what the one who had overwhelmed Han Shan could achieve.
Besides them, even the Qiao Xiu and the other non Shengzhou disciples, whom had spoken up for Zhou Yuan earlier, also cast their gazes over. Xiu
In mid air, Chen Yuan also turned his attention towards Zhou Yuan.
Under the numerous watching gazes, Zhou Yuan’s eyes remained shut as the world essence Qi continued to descend...
Time swiftly passed breath by breath...

