Chapter 264 Shock and Awe
Water vapor tinged with the smell of alcohol spread in the Hundreds Fragrances House. The entire place, however, was deathly silent.
Terror colored the eyes of Lu Feng, Yang Xiu, Qin Zhen and gang as they gazed upon the sight of Lu Xuanyin being bounded, the cups in their hands slowly falling, crashing into the ground below.
No one had expected Lu Xuanyin to lose!
Lu Feng’s complexion was white with fear as he mumbled in disbelief, “How can this be?!”
The others looked towards Yaoyao as if she was a ghost, gazes filled with horror. One must know that Lu Xuanyin was an inner mountain gold sash disciple, and had the strength of the sixth layer Alpha-Origin stage!
Such power was enough to sweep away any outer mountain disciple, and even the likes of Lu Feng was far from being able to compare.
However, who could have expected the sixth layer Alpha-Origin Lu Xuanyin to be so effortlessly subdued by Yaoyao?!
Just how immeasurable was Yaoyao’s strength?
While Lu Feng’s side was overwhelmed by terror, everyone on Zhou Yuan’s side, with the exception of himself, wore marvelous expressions. Some were even rubbing their eyes, believing they had seen some kind of hallucination.
“Little junior sister Yao is too terrifying…” Zhao Kun swallowed time and time again. Yaoyao had rarely shown her abilities since entering the Cangxuan Sect’s outer mountains. Hence no one knew how powerful she was. The scene from today, however, was scalp numbing.
While both parties were stunned by this outcome, Lu Xuanyin, who was still bound in the air, felt so humiliated that she'd rather die on the spot. She madly thrashed about, the Genesis Qi in her body charging out again and again in an attempt to cut the water snakes.
However, the Genesis Rune water snakes were clearly not ordinary, and were able to seal away Genesis Qi. This, Lu Xuanyin was unable to free herself.
Yaoyao glanced at the still struggling Lu Xuanyin and asked in an uncaring voice, “Do you yield?”
Lu Xuanyin tightly gritted her teeth, staring daggers at Yaoyao.
“If you don’t, you continue waiting there like this. The Genesis Rune will naturally dissipate six hours later.” Said Yaoyao.
Lu Xuanyin’s expression changed. If she was strung up here for six hours, all of her face would be lost. There would be no end to the laughter if news of this spread back to the inner mountains.
She tightly gritted her teeth. In the end, she forcibly endured the humiliation as she said in a trembling voice,”I… admit defeat!”
With a light flick of Yaoyao’s finger, the water snakes binding Lu Xuanyin’s limbs immediately dissipated. The latter fell, stumbling onto the ground.
Once she landed, icy light began to gather in Lu Xuanyin’s eyes as she grabbed her longsword, killing intent beginning to surface from her body.
However, when Yaoyao’s indifferent gaze cast onto the former’s body, she faintly trembled as a feeling of dread filled her. Lu Xuanyin’s senses told her that if she were to continue, the unfathomable girl before her would no longer show any mercy.
“Who exactly are you?!” Asked Lu Xuanyin through gritted teeth.
She was truly unable to imagine how someone with such mastery over Genesis Runes would only be an outer mountain disciple. Strength like this would be considered elite even amongst the disciples of the Spirit Rune Peak.
Yaoyao shot a look at her and said, “Why is an inner mountain disciple like you interfering in the matters of the outer mountains?”
Lu Xuanyin’s face turned a little ugly. “Don’t be too happy. I won't forget what happened today, and there will come a time when I’ll pay you back in the future!”
Yaoyao uncaringly replied, “Feel free to come at me anytime. But you must remember that any action has its consequences. If you provoke me next time, the consequences may not be as simple as stringing you up for a while.”
Lu Xuanyin’s pretty face turned red with anger. She knew that she had already been thoroughly humiliated today, and could not bear to stay a second longer in this place. With one final stamp of her foot, her icy face turned towards Lu Feng and the rest as she growled, “Go!”
Lu Feng and gang silently stood up, their expressions pretty ugly.
Especially Lu Feng, who constantly looked towards Yaoyao with a depressed look in his eyes. The strength she had displayed was far too astonishing, making him feel extremely awkward. He had previously believed that Zhou Yuan would be his only opponent in the peak selection ceremony, but now, it seemed that Zhou Xiaoyao was the unfathomable one.
In the face of a monster like her, even the proud Lu Feng did not have any confidence.
With this girl here, what point was there in the peak selection ceremony tomorrow?
Lu Xuanyin saw his expression, but there was nothing she could do but say, "With her around, all of you should just forget about first place."
Even she was not Yaoyao's match, let alone Lu Feng.
Yaoyao's bright eyes swept over, pausing on Lu Xuanyin as she nonchalantly said, "No need to incite me. Relax, I will only take one of the top ten spots tomorrow. First place does not interest me at all."
"In addition, I will not interfere in the fight between him and Zhou Yuan."
"If he wins, it will naturally be because of his ability, and if Zhou Yuan loses, it would only mean that he is lacking."
Yaoyao was naturally aware of the fight between Zhou Yuan and Lu Feng. However, she had no intention of interfering. She understood that the road of cultivation was littered with difficulty and obstructions, and one could only rely on oneself to reach its end.
Lu Feng may be a threat to Zhou Yuan, but the former was also able to bring out Zhou Yuan's potential.
If every danger was eliminated by her, then the only fate awaiting Zhou Yuan would be to eventually become crippled… Someone as intelligent as Yaoyao would thus never do such a thing.
A fledgling that only knew how to hide in its nest and be protected would never become a ruler of the skies. Only by continuously engaging strong opponents would one be able to rouse one's potential, and eventually soar across the nine heavens.
Yaoyao had only taken action against Lu Xuanyin because the latter had not abided by the rules.
But she wouldn't help Zhou Yuan sweep away every single obstruction in his battle with Lu Feng, because this would not benefit Zhou Yuan at all.
Yaoyao's words stunned both Lu Xuanyin and Lu Feng, before joy flooded the Lu Xuanyin's eyes as she asked, "Are you serious?!"
Yaoyao cast an indifferent glance at them. Although she did not answer, her meaning was already clear.
Lu Xuanyin let out an icy laugh. "Since you're so arrogant, during the peak selection ceremony tomorrow, I'll let you personally witness how Lu Feng crushes him! Don't regret it when that happens."
"Lu Feng will make him pay for today’s debt!”
“Go.”
After finishing, she did not linger a moment longer and was the first to leave the building.
Lu Xuanyin know that there was no way she could deal with Yaoyao. Hence, she would let Lu Feng get even through Zhou Yuan tomorrow, making sure the debt was fully paid.
Lu Feng and the rest hurriedly caught up, but his tense body had clearly relaxed, even toyfully looking towards Zhou Yuan just before he left.
It was clear that Lu Feng no longer felt much pressure after determining that Yaoyao would not be competing for first place.
As they left, Zhao Kun, Song Wanxi and gang felt somewhat regretful. If Yaoyao took action tomorrow, she would definitely be able to thoroughly suppress the Shengzhou disciples and they would not dare to even whimper.
However, Yaoyao ignored their regret, her bright eyes turning towards Zhou Yuan as she said, “Are you disappointed that I did not help clear away all your troubles?”
A grin appeared on Zhou Yuan’s youthful face as he chuckled softly. “If you did, the peak selection ceremony would really become a little boring.”
“Don’t worry, I understand your intentions. I will obtain what I want with my own capabilities.”
“Moreover…”
“No one will be able to snatch away first place.”
The sight of the confidence in Zhou Yuan’s eyes made Yaoyao feel slightly gratified. At the very least, Zhou Yuan understood her thoughts, causing a very slight angle to rise from the corners of her little ruddy mouth.
It was only a faint smile, but it could take away the breath of anyone who saw it, causing the numerous youngsters present to be dazed.
However, the smile disappeared in the blink of an eye. Yaoyao caressed Tuntun as her gaze turned towards the direction Lu Xuanyin, Lu Feng and the rest had left in. For the very first time, Yaoyao was a little interested in the peak selection ceremony tomorrow.
“I’m afraid that it won’t be so easy to take back this debt from Zhou Yuan…”

