Chapter 89 Surrender
Roar!
Scarlet-red Genesis Qi rose below Tuntun’s feet. The scarlet-red Genesis Qi seemed to be tinged with patches of black light, making it appear rather mystical.
The vigorous Genesis Qi under Tuntun’s four paws lifted it into the air as it transformed into a flash of scarlet light that shot straight towards the Black Venom King.
Such aggressiveness was naturally detected straight away by the Black Venom King. His gaze swept over and was narrowly shocked out of his body. His battle with Wei Canglan was currently in a stalemate, hence the addition of an even more ferocious Genesis Beast would cause him to be at a complete disadvantage.
Although he had previously been locked in battle with Wei Canglan, he had seen how the giant battle puppet python had been torn apart. Thus, he clearly understood just now terrifying this mysterious Genesis Beast was.
“You dare to let yourself be distracted in a battle with me?!” However, while the Black Venom King’s heart churned, Wei Canglan’s icy chuckle cut through the air as a fist filled with sharp golden Genesis Qi viciously punched towards the former’s fatal spots.
Buzz!
The Black Venom King’s sleeve jerked as black Genesis Qi came pouring out, blocking the golden Genesis Qi. However, his body was also pushed backwards.
“Why the need to be so hostile general Wei, all of this is part of Qi Manor’s scheme!” The Black Venom King hurriedly said. His tone was one of submission, evidently already well aware of how terrible his current situation was.
“Heh, tell that to the big guy behind you!” A smile was revealed on Wei Canglan’s face.
The Black Venom King’s heart shivered, immediately sensing the foul smell that was assaulting his back. He hastily turned around, his palms seemingly dancing as vigorous Genesis Qi gathering towards them and a strike was sent flying, “Poison Devil Palm!”
Bang!
Claws suffused with black light swung towards the palm containing powerful poison, both forces slamming into each other.
Boom!
A loud noise resounded in the air as the Black Venom King’s body was sent flying like a cannonball. He crashed into a hill, causing the entire head of the hill to collapse.
In the air, Tuntun was also pushed half a step back. Foul-smelling black Qi twined around its paw as if attempting to burrow into its body.
*Cough*
The Black Venom King slowly rose from the rubble. There were five deep and bloody gorges on his chest, proof that he had been injured by Tuntun. A venomous look was revealed in his eyes as he looked towards Tuntun.
“What a brainless brute, to think that it dares to allow my poison touch its body!”
However, as this thought flashed in his head, Tuntun suddenly lowered its head, opened its mouth and sucked, swallowing the black poison Qi on its paw into its body.
Huu.
Tuntun shook its head, black mist spewing from its nose as it roared in anger, evidently very unhappy with the poison Qi’s smell.
The venomous look on the Black Venom King’s face instantly froze as he stared in disbelief at Tuntun. He never imagined that his invincible Devil Miasma Poison would have no effect on Tuntun.
Evidently, Tuntun’s poison resistance far surpassed his expectations.
Roar!
However, Tuntun had already been infuriated by the bad tasting poison Qi and its scarlet-red eyes quickly locked onto the Black Venom King. It rode on its scarlet-red Genesis Qi as it shot forward once again, pouncing towards the Black Venom King.
Wei Canglan took this opportunity to beat a dog while it was drowning, golden Genesis Qi whizzing forth as he began to seal off all the Black Venom King’s escape routes.
In the sky, the Black Venom King miserably fled and dodged, while Tuntun and Wei Canglan blocked off the former’s escape routes one by one, slowly forcing him into a dead end.
“Your highness, I admit defeat. As long as you let me leave, I will restrict the many factions of Blackwater and ensure that none of them even dream about infringing the Great Zhou Empire’s borders!” Death imminent, fear finally began to bubble in the Black Venom King as he hurriedly shouted in Zhou Yuan’s direction.
The numerous factions outside the valley kept silent out of fear when they saw the Black Venom King, who was practically unstoppable in Blackwater, being pushed so far. No one dared to harbour even the slightest ill-intent.
Those that were originally wondering if it was possible to steal the Fire Spirit Grain also rationally dispelled such thoughts.
Zhou Yuan’s expression was cold and indifferent. The Black Venom King had done so much harm to the Great Zhou Empire, how could Zhou Yuan let the latter off so easily?
Thus, he did not stop Wei Canglan and Tuntun.
As if sensing Zhou Yuan’s intent to kill him, the Black Venom King’s fear intensified. He threw away all other thoughts and hurriedly said, “Your highness, I am willing to submit to the royal clan and work for them!”
Only then did Zhou Yuan’s indifferent expression ripple slightly. The Black Venom King was after all an Alpha-Origin expert. If he sided with the royal clan, it would undoubtedly be a huge boost to their power.
Wei Qingqing earnestly reminded when she heard this.“Your highness, that fiend is vicious and cunning. Be careful of being betrayed.”
The general’s faction had fought far too many times with the Black Venom King and knew just how sly he could be.
Zhou Yuan nodded in acknowledgement. He was naturally aware of this. Hence, he moved to Yaoyao’s side and asked, “Big sis Yaoyao, is there any way to control him such that he will not harbour any thoughts of backstabbing in future?”
Yaoyao pondered for a while, before her snow-white chin gently nodded. “There naturally is, but the precondition is that the Black Venom King cannot put up even the slightest resistance, or the method will not succeed.”
Zhou Yuan nodded, lifted his head towards the Black Venom King and said in a cold voice, “If you really mean it, give up on all resistance and allow me to deal with you.”
The Black Venom King’s eyes flashed as hesitation flitted across his face. Abandoning all resistance was akin to putting his life in Zhou Yuan’s hands.
“It seems that you are not willing. Since that is so, go accompany the slaughtered citizens of Great Zhou.” Iciness flowed in Zhou Yuan’s eyes.
Tuntun’s and Wei Canglan’s attacks immediately grew increasingly ferocious.
The Black Venom King was steadily forced into a corner, the smell of death growing increasingly closer in his heart. In the end, he gritted his teeth and yelled, “Your highness, I submit!”
The moment he said these words, the Genesis Qi around him rapidly receded into his body.
Swish!
Wei Canglan’s figure appeared in front of the Black Venom King as a palm strike was sent flying towards his chest.
Urgh.
The Black Venom King vomited a mouthful of fresh blood as his body fell from the sky, crashing into the ground in front of Zhou Yuan and the rest. The former’s face was deathly pale, showing that he had been seriously injured.
The Black Venom King ignored the intense pain from his body and hurriedly said, “Your highness, your highness, I submit!”
Wei Canglan landed beside Zhou Yuan, a guarded look on his face as he stared at the Black Venom King.
Tuntun also descended as its giant body rapidly began to shrink. It eventually returned its usual appearance and jumped into Yaoyao’s arms.
However, it was obvious that no one dared to underestimate it even in this form. Even Wei Canglan’s gaze was filled with wariness when he looked at it.
“If you intend to submit, I will do something to you such that you will no longer be able to entertain any thoughts of rebelling.” Zhou Yuan’s tone was indifferent as he stared at the Black Venom King.
Upon hearing these words, the Black Venom King’s heart jumped as unease rose within him. However, under Wei Canglan’s and Tuntun’s watching eyes, the former ultimately forced himself to nod. At the end of the day, preserving his life was the best course of action.
“Restrain the Genesis Qi in your body and do not circulate it. Also, make sure that you have no thoughts of resistance.” Zhou Yuan’s tone was cold as he continued, “This technique can only be used once. If it does not succeed… you will die.”
The Black Venom King shivered as he listened to Zhou Yuan’s murder-laced words.
Zhou Yuan then looked towards Yaoyao and saw her give a slight nod before she slowly walked forward, jade-green Genesis Brush in hand. The brush tip stopped three inches before the spot between the Black Venom King’s brows and began to draw. An extremely complex Genesis Rune began to slowly take shape.
A long time later, the completed Genesis Rune slowly descended, landing between the Black Venom King’s brows. It slowly submerged into his skin, leaving behind a green rune.
Yaoyao glanced at the Black Venom King and said, “This is known as the Spirit Locking Son-Mother Rune. If you have any thoughts of rebelling, activating the mother rune will instantly destroy your Spirit.”
The Black Venom King was ashen-faced. He had evidently sensed something lock onto his Spirit.
Yaoyao passed a piece of jade to Zhou Yuan on which an even more complicated Genesis Rune was carved. “This is the mother rune. If you find any disloyalty in him, shatter the jade and he will die.”
Zhou Yuan felt a little happy as he grasped the jade. He looked towards the Black Venom King and said, “Since that is so, you will work for the Great Zhou Empire in future. This may also be considered a form of atonement for the numerous innocents that died at your hands.”
The Black Venom King’s expression was a mix between crying and smiling when he heard this. In the end, he could only nod. As the saying went, better a bad life than a good death, living was still better than dying.
“Understood your highness!”

