Chapter 140 Saint Remains Domain
As the mocking voice rang out in the sky, countless gazes were drawn over. The one who had spoken was also one of the envoys from the six sacred sects.
Under the attention of those countless gazes, the glaring rays from the ball of light began to weaken, revealing the figure within. One would see a rather messy looking middle-aged man seated there with a pipe hanging from his mouth.
Boundless Genesis Qi violently swirled around him like a storm, seemingly causing the world around him to tremble.
Zhou Yuan was stunned by the sight of this figure. It was the same person who had asked him for wine yesterday.
He would never have imagined that the sloppy looking uncle would turn out to be one of the envoys from the six sacred sects.
Above the stone platform where Zhou Yuan and the rest were located, a dark look was revealed on the fair clean shaven face of Sacred Palace envoy called Zhao Pan. He shot a glance at the slovenly middle-aged man and said, “Oh? What teachings do you have, Mu Wuji?”
The scruffy looking middle-aged man puffed out a breath of green smoke, smiling faintly as he replied, “I’ve no interest in teaching. I only want to tell you that you don’t have the right to banish anyone here, because amongst them may be the future seedlings of the other five sects.”
Zhao Pan’s expression darkened. Just as he was about to retort, the other four envoys spoke up to mediate, “Both of you should hold back a sentence or two. All six of us are required to break through this mist, and it will be almost impossible if anyone is missing.”
In the end, Zhao Pan coldly snorted. His gaze icily swept across Zhou Yuan and the rest, before glancing at Wu Huang with a trace of dissatisfaction, evidently displeased that the latter had not killed Zhou Yuan in a single punch, causing trouble for him.
Wu Huang paid no heed to this dissatisfaction. He merely looked towards Zhou Yuan as his eyes narrowed slightly. The fact that the latter had blocked his punch had likewise surprised him.
Zhou Yuan lightly swung his bloody arms. The intense pain that emanated from them was testament to the power of Wu Haung’s earlier punch. If Zhou Yuan did not have his defensive grade 3 Genesis Rune, he would have likely ended up seriously injured or dead.
It seems that the other party was beginning to feel a little threatened now that his Spirit had reached the advance Illusory stage, and planned to finish him off in the quickest way possible.
However, from a certain point of view, wasn’t this a good thing?
Zhou Yuan’s face was akin to a serene rippleless lake as he stared at Wu Huang, but the killing intent in the former’s eyes had reached its peak. With a sudden laugh, Zhou Yuan slowly lowered his eyelids.
From what he could see, Wu Huang was not as indifferent towards Zhou Yuan as he looked. The actions of the former were clearly saying that he, Wu Huang, was afraid.
He was afraid that he would lose everything he possessed.
He was afraid that Zhou Yuan was really able to take everything back.
Zhou Yuan gently patted Tuntun’s head, causing the latter’s gigantic body to slowly begin to shrink. However, malicious intent still filled its eyes as they tightly locked onto Wu Huang.
By the side, Yaoyao was silent for a while before she said, “I will teach him a lesson if I meet him in the Saint Remains Domain, but don’t worry, I will not kill him.”
Zhou Yuan was stunned for a moment, before shooting a glance at Yaoyao. It seemed that Wu Huang’s actions had truly angered her this time.
Zhou Yuan scratched the back of his head, and could only say, “Try to take it easy.”
By the side, Zuoqiu Qingyu’s little hands were holding her red cheeks as she dreamily gazed at Yaoyao. The latter was so domineering at this moment.
After all, there were not many who had the qualifications to speak such words in the face of Wu Huang.
As the hostile atmosphere began to recede, the watching Xiao Tianxuan, Gu Ling and the rest shook their heads in disappointment. No one had expected that Zhou Yuan would actually be able to withstand Wu Huang’s powerful punch.
“This kid does have a little ability.” Remarked Xiao Tianxuan in a nonchalant manner.
The corners of Gu Ling's ruddy little mouth turned downwards. "He's just lucky. Given his capabilities, only death awaits him if he encounters Wu Huang for real."
The others nodded in agreement and chorused, "If he's unfortunate enough to bump into us in the Saint Remains Domain, we'll be sure to teach him a proper lesson and give Gu Ling some justice."
As they spoke, the six envoys in the sky concentrated on the mist above the holy river and suddenly acted at the same time.
Rumble!
Six raging rivers of Genesis Qi that spanned several hundred feet abruptly burst out from the top of their heads. Like giant pillars, the Genesis Qi barbarically shot into the seemingly endless mist.
The Genesis Qi pillars began to sweep and vibrate, tearing apart the mist one layer at a time.
However, there was a terrifying power within the mist. Ancient runes appeared and began blasting the six Genesis Qi pillars, shaving away layer after layer of Genesis Qi.
In the sky, the faces of the six envoys were grim, not daring to be the slightest bit negligent as they poured all of their attention into their Genesis Qi.
Astonishing auras erupted from their bodies, causing even the color of the world around them to change slightly. The prided geniuses below were silenced due to fear. Such power was still far beyond their reach.
“Is this the power of the Divine Dwelling stage?” Mumbled Zhou Yuan under his breath.
After the Alpha-Origin stage was the Divine Dwelling stage. Once one reaches this level, the Qi Dwelling in one’s body will undergo a transformation. It was said that the Genesis Qi of those that have successfully transformed their Qi Dwellings into Divine Dwellings would also evolve, becoming far more powerful than ordinary Genesis Qi.
Under the watching eyes of the countless geniuses, six glowing pillars of Genesis Qi continued to stir within the mist. The six envoys gave their all, and everyone soon began to see a faint cavity appear within the thick, almost vicious mist.
As one peered past the thin mist, one seemed to be able to see the ancient land of the Saint Remains Domain.
“Everyone, enter now!”
While the crowd was focused on the gap within the mist, the shouts of the six envoys rang out like thunder.
Rumble!
The moment these words were said, it was as if the entire world began to heave. Countless prided geniuses immediately shot forward, transforming to glowing figures as they charged into the cavity within the mist.
Zhou Yuan looked towards the rest and said, “We should get a move on too. No one knows what will happen in the Saint Remains Domain so be careful.”
Yaoyao, Luluo and Zuoqiu Qingyu nodded.
Swish!
In the next moment, they shot forward together.
The group reached the hole within the mist in the short span of a dozen breaths. No one dared to tarry, pushing their Genesis Qi to the limits as their speed soared.
“We’re about to enter!”
Zhou Yuan watched the faint white mist surge towards him as he took in a deep breath, the Genesis Qi around him rippling as it protected his body.
Boom!
Their bodies finally hit the mist. Space began to distort as if they were crashing into another world, making it impossible to steady one’s body, and have no choice but to be randomly tossed around.
Zhou Yuan was thrown around till he saw stars. A long time seemed to pass, before he finally felt the space around him solidify as his body was powerfully flung outwards.
Crash!
Zhou Yuan crashed into the ground, eating a mouthful of soil.
He ignored the pain, performing a tumble before getting up. What met his eyes was an ancient world as if he had been transported back to a prehistoric era…
“Is this the Saint Remains Domain?”
Zhou Yuan mumbled to himself as he gazed upon the ancient land before him.

