Chapter 587 Saint Spirit VS Blood Demon
Whoo whoo!
On the surface of the six color lake, an enormous blood shadow enveloped Fan Yao’s body. The blood shadow had no face, only a pair of floating eyes that were exceptionally long and strangely chilling.
Below the eyes was a sinister black crack that looked akin to its mouth. When opened, the surrounding Genesis Qi was immediately sucked in.
A terrifying Genesis Qi pressure slowly spread from the blood shadow.
As they gazed at the bizarre blood shadow, intense fear rose even in the many individuals outside the lake, evidently sensing the dreadful power of Fan Yao’s Genesis technique.
The third ranked chief disciple of the Sacred Palace had finally been angered by Zhou Yuan, and had now brought out his true mettle.
In fact, even the faces of the two chief disciples, Jin Zhang and Tang Xiaoyan, had turned exceedingly grave. In the face of such power, whether or not they would be able to even escape unscathed would be a problem.
Under countless fearful gazes, Fan Yao’s blood-red pupils locked onto Zhou Yuan. The former wiped away the blood at the corner of his mouth, as a chilling to the extreme voice growled from between his teeth.
“Zhou Yuan, when you land in my hands later, I will slowly drain every drop of blood from your body! I will let you enjoy the meaning of true terror before you die!”
Rumble!
An ear-piercing shriek exploded from the enormous blood demon shadow. Its giant blood-red hand suddenly reached out, transforming into a flash of blood-red as it ruthlessly swatted towards Zhou Yuan.
The fabric of space warped violently as the hand thrust forward, while the air exploded under its power.
Zhou Yuan’s figure rapidly etherealized as he swiftly shot backwards, just barely avoiding the blood hand with his full speed.
Rumble!
However, his figure had barely escaped from the range of the blood hand attack, when blood Qi suddenly filled the area. The blood Qi was viscous and sticky, seemingly forming a swamp made from blood.
Amidst the blood swamp, Zhou Yuan’s speed immediately fell.
“Die!”
With a furious roar from Fan Yao, a shadow descended from the sky. The sound of rushing wind was heard from below Zhou Yuan’s feet, as he found two giant blood hands clapping towards him from above and below, completely cutting off any path of escape.
Countless gasps sounded outside the six color lake.
In the distance, Tang Xiaoyan and Jin Zhang’s hearts also rose in their chests.
Thump!
Under the many watching gazes, the blood hands slammed into each other. Blood Qi churned wildly, rippling the space around them.
Tang Xiaoyan’s heart could not help but shiver at this scene. Even if Zhou Yuan was able to withstand the attack, he would surely be heavily injured.
On the lake below, a sinister smile rose from the corners of Fan Yao’s mouth.
“You annoying fly… let’s see if you’ve been swatted to death!”
Bzz!
However, a mysterious glow suddenly began to emerge from between the two giant blood hands in the sky at this moment. The light grew stronger and stronger, as the two blood hands were slowly forced apart.
The smile on Fan Yao’s face turned rigid.
Boom!
In the end, the blood demon’s hands were pushed away with a jerk. Numerous gazes looked over, and found Zhou Yuan standing in the sky, with a mysterious giant glowing figure enveloping his body.
A surge of terrifying Genesis Qi undulations pulsed from the mysterious glowing figure, not the least bit weaker than Fan Yao’s blood demon shadow.
“This is…”
Tang Xiaoyan and Fan Yao’s pupils tightened slightly at this moment.
“The Omega Saint Spirit Art of Saint Genesis Peak?!”
The two shouted at the same time, though Tang Xiaoyan’s tone was pleasant surprise, while Fan Yao’s was a little gloomy. They were evidently well aware of this top tier Genesis technique that belonged to the Cangxuan Sect.
“I never expected him to have learnt this technique!” Tang Xiaoyan breathed a heavy sigh of relief, an exceptional splendour rising in her eyes when she looked towards Zhou Yuan. The Omega Saint Spirit Art was one of the strongest Genesis techniques of the Cangxuan Sect. No wonder there had been barely any panic when he saw Fan Yao bring out the Great Blood Demon skill earlier.
Zhou Yuan looked down from the sky to meet Fan Yao’s gaze, killing intent swirling in both individual’s eyes.
Boom!
Neither party said a single word, as one suddenly swooped down from the air, while the other dashed into the sky.
The blood demon roared, the avatar of violence and ferocity.
The saint spirit howled, filled with immeasurable and mysterious power.
Rumble!
Giant waves seem to rise in the sky, as the two titans unleashed a terrifying barrage of attacks, the residual energies violently stirring the six color lake below.
Even Tang Xiaoyan, Jin Zhang, Wang Yuan and the blood corpse had no choice but to back away such that they would not be caught up in the aftershocks.
The intensity of Zhou Yuan and Fan Yao’s fight had already surpassed everyone else.
Boom!
The blood demon shadow collided against the saint spirit, while Fan Yao and Zhou Yuan continuously poured Genesis Qi into their techniques from the inside...
Fan Yao’s blood-red pupils stared at Zhou Yuan as he roared, “Watch how my blood demon tears your saint spirit to shreds!”
However, Zhou Yuan responded with a mocking smile. The Spirit between his brows began to flicker as invisible Spirit power swept forth once again, viciously lashing towards Fan Yao.
“Spirit Jolt!”
After advancing to the advanced Corporeal stage, Zhou Yuan’s Spirit attacks had grown stranger and more unpredictable. Against someone whose Spirit cultivation was weak enough, all it would take was a single thought from Zhou Yuan to destroy his or her Spirit.
It could even be said to be assassinating without leaving any traces.
However, though Fan Yao’s Spirit was not as strong as his opponent’s, it was not overly weak either, and was thus able to endure the attacks. But every time Zhou Yuan’s Spirit Jolt swept forth, an intense tearing pain would begin ripping apart Fan Yao’s head.
Whenever this happened, the giant blood demon around Fan Yao’s body would be viciously beaten back by the saint spirit.
After several repetitions, Fan Yao’s figure had become somewhat ragged, while he was on the verge of exploding due to anger.
“Zhou Yuan! You despicable person. Are you only capable of using your Spirit to disturb me!” Bellowed Fan Yao.
However, Zhou Yuan merely chuckled in response to the former’s frustration. His Spirit was his advantage, and was he naturally not foolish enough to abandon it. It was after all something he had worked hard to cultivate.
Thump! Thump!
As such, he responded by directing the saint spirit to unleash a vicious attack that forcefully ripped apart Fan Yao’s blood demon shadow’s hand.
Fan Yao’s expression turned ashen, while his eyes turned eerily stormy.
He knew that it was only a matter of time before the blood demon shadow was torn to shreds if this continued...
“I can’t believe he’s so difficult to deal with…”
Fan Yao took in a deep breath, as a savage and cruel glint flickered in his eyes.
“It seems that I’ll have to use my final trump card…”
He swept a sinisterly chilling glance at Zhou Yuan, before suddenly retreating, heading directly for the battlefield between Jin Zhang and the blood corpse.
Jin Zhang hurriedly backed away when he saw this.
However, Fan Yao paid no attention to the former. His figure moved and appeared beside the blood corpse, before pouncing towards it, as a set of eerily white teeth bit into the corpse’s neck.
*Suck*!
The blood corpse struggled as its body began to wither. All the blood within it flowed out at this moment, and was completely sucked up by Fan Yao.
Fan Yao’s Genesis Qi undulations suddenly began to climb in a crazy manner!
Strange blood runes spread on his body, making him look akin to a blood devil.
The hairs of the numerous onlookers began to stand when they saw this, as a chill rose from the bottom of their feet.

