Chapter 257 Suppressed
Qin Zhen’s thunderous voice echoed, causing the hearts of countless disciples to jump in their chests. From the looks of it, these Shengzhou disciples intended to deal with Zhou Yuan today.
They obviously knew that Song Wanxi and the rest derived their confidence from Zhou Yuan, so as long as they were able to force him into submission in front of everyone here, the other disciples would naturally understand that the dignity of the Shengzhou disciples was not to be challenged.
Gaze after gaze converged on Zhou Yuan.
Qin Zhen sternly looked at Zhou Yuan and said, “Humph. Zhou Yuan, if you apologise to us Shengzhou disciples today, we can act as if we never heard those words you said previously.”
“Or else, we Shengzhou disciples will not let this go!”
Zhao Kun was practically about to explode due to Qin Zhen’s overbearingness, the former’s rage channelled into a single laugh as he said, “If you want to play, I’ll happily accompany you!”
Genesis Qi also began to surge around Song Wanxi and Qiao Xiu, a sharp iciness brimming in their eyes.
Behind them, the non Shengzhou disciples also got ready to fight. After all, Qin Zhen and the rest were being way too outrageous. If they were allowed to do as they pleased with Zhou Yuan, the non Shengzhou disciples would no longer have any hopes of rising up against the Shengzhou disciples.
“The one who causes trouble should be the one to resolve it. Zhao Kun, you guys should stop erring any further.”
However, just as Zhao Kun and the rest were about to act, a faint voice was suddenly heard. It seemed to bring with it a mighty pressure that instantly made the surging Genesis Qi around Zhao Kun and the rest grow sluggish.
Zhao Kun and gang’s expressions changed as they lifted their heads, to find Lu Feng indifferent looking towards them on his cultivation platform nearby.
In the face of Lu Feng’s gaze, Zhao Kun and the rest immediately felt an indescribable pressure, as if they would be truly suppressed by Lu Feng if they were to go any further.
As the number one individual amongst the outer mountain disciples, Lu Feng’s presence clearly made others extremely wary.
“You chicken-hearted thing, all you do is to hide yourself far to the rear and come up with all kinds of underhanded tactics. Do you really believe sending trash like them will achieve anything?” While Zhao Kun and gang’s expressions were fluctuating indeterminately, a calm voice broke the deadlock.
Countless gazes looked over, only to see that Zhou Yuan had opened his eyes, and was now looking straight at Lu Feng, his words clearly referring to the latter.
Lu Feng’s eyes hardened slightly. “All you have is a sharp tongue, and the reason why I don’t personally deal with the likes of you is because I do not feel that you have the qualifications.”
“What do you mean by ‘trash like them’? What right does a mere first layer Alpha-Origin have to put on such airs?!” Qin Zhen’s expression darkened as he ferociously glared at Zhou Yuan, evidently angered by the latter’s earlier words of disdain.
“Do you think the likes of you is worthy enough for senior brother Lu Feng to take action?!”
Zhou Yuan’s gaze turned a little colder as he looked towards Qin Zhen, shaking his head as he said in a soft voice, “Reckless fool.”
“What did you say?!”
Qin Zhen’s rage hit its peak. The manner in which Zhou Yuan viewed the former as insignificant was really grating hard on his nerves. He truly could not understand why Zhou Yuan would have the gall to show such an attitude towards him.
Zhou Yuan shook his head, deciding not to waste anymore time arguing. His body abruptly etherealized, like mist as he shot towards Qin Zhen.
“Out of the way, watch me kill him with a single punch today!”
Howled Qin Zhen as ferocious Genesis Qi exploded. His hands rapidly expanded as faint glowing runes appeared, giving off an endless aura of forceful unyieldingness.
Light flickered in his pupils, detecting a blurry figure dash towards him from an angle.
“Die!”
With a fierce cry, his palm suddenly chopped downwards, creating a dozen feet long dipper Qi that tore open a glossy deep cut in the ground below.
However, his deadly strike landed on empty air. The blurry mist-like figure seemed to circle once around him, and by the time everyone could clearly see the figure again, Zhou Yuan had already returned to his cultivation platform.
“Just hopping back and forth, do you believe you’re a rabbit?” Ridicule was revealed in Qin Zhen’s eyes. Zhou Yuan was admittedly very fast, but did he really think speed alone would be able to intimidate Qin Zhen?
The moment he said this, however, he suddenly felt that something was wrong. Everyone around him was looking above head in horror.
“What is it?” Qin Zhen was immediately alarmed, and also jerked his head upwards, only to find runes appearing above him, weaving into a complex Genesis Rune!
An astonishing undulations rippled from the Genesis Rune.
It was a grade 4 Genesis Rune!
“Genesis Rune?! When did he have time to draw it!” Qin Zhen’s pupils shrank violently.
Under countless gazes tinged with alarm and shock, Zhou Yuan expressionlessly extended two fingers and lightly snapped them, a clear snap echoing across the area.
“Magic Mountain Suppression Seal Rune!”
Rumble!
Light abruptly exploded from the Genesis Rune as the surrounding Genesis Qi rapidly swept over. In the short span of a few breaths, the Genesis Rune transformed into a giant Genesis Qi mountain that was over three hundred feet tall.
The mountain began to descend, crushing down onto Qin Zhen.
AH!
Fear rose on Qin Zhen’s face as he hastily circulated his Genesis Qi, both arms reaching out to push back.
Urgh!
However, he vomited a mouthful of blood the moment his hands came into contact with the mountain. It was indescribably heavy, pushing down on him till his entire body began to creak. Intense pain spread along his arms, making them feel as if they were about to snap.
His body was forced down bit by bit, nothing changing no matter how he howled.
The Genesis Qi mountain seemed to have a Genesis Qi suppressive effect. Once touched, it would continuously seal away and suppress one’s Genesis Qi...
Countless gazes all over Genesis Mountain watched in shock as Qin Zhen was easily suppressed and immobilized by the giant Genesis Qi mountain. No one had expected Zhou Yuan to be capable of employing such tactics!
To think that his Genesis Rune mastery had reached such a level!
“Qin Zhen!”
Lei Hongtao and gang turned pale with fright, evidently completely unable to imagine that Qin Zhen would be suppressed by Zhou Yuan after a single exchange.
They gritted their teeth and shot forward, intending to help.
Pch!
However, when they were a few feet from Qin Zhen, runes suddenly began rising from the ground, like an incomparably hot dome of fire that cut Qin Zhen off from the outside world.
It obviously was another Genesis Rune!
Lei Hongtao and gang frantically attacked the fire dome, causing it to shake violently. Although the dome looked as if it would not last for long, inside it, Qin Zhen looked even worse off as he desperately tried to endure...
Zhou Yuan gazed at the bitterly perservering Qin Zhen and asked in an indifferent voice, “Are you convinced now?”
Qin Zhen’s face twisted as he redoubled his efforts to withstand the giant Genesis Qi mountain. His entire body trembled uncontrollably as it dripped with sweat, unable to say even a single word.
By the side, Song Wanxi, Zhao Kun and the rest involuntarily swallowed at this scene. They never imagined the powerful Qin Zhen would be forced into such a miserable state by Zhou Yuan...
Although it was partly because Qin Zhen had been caught off guard, Zhou Yuan mastery over Genesis Runes had clearly exceeded everyone’s expectations.
When they looked towards Zhou Yuan, there was now a faint unfathomable feeling.
They were not the only ones. Even the other disciples now looked towards Zhou Yuan with respect.
“Zhou Yuan, you’d better release him!”
When Qin Zhen was rapidly approaching his last legs, Lu Feng was finally no longer able to restrain himself. He had originally intended for Qin Zhen and gang to embarrass Zhou Yuan, causing the weak alliance he had created to fall to pieces.
But he never expected that Zhou Yuan would act so decisively.
Not only had Lu Feng failed to strike a blow to Zhou Yuan’s reputation, it had ended up growing it instead.
If Lu Feng allowed Qin Zhen to be suppressed by Zhou Yuan before his eyes, Qin Zhen would not be the only one to be humiliated, and even Lu Feng would be affected.
However, Zhou Yuan did not show even the slightest response to Lu Feng’s shout.
“Zhou Yuan, this is too much!”
Iciness flashed in Lu Feng’s eyes, no longer hesitating as he violently jerked his sleeve. A dozen feet wide torrent of Genesis Qi swept forth, surging towards the giant Genesis Qi mountain.
He had finally made his move.
Zhou Yuan’s gaze flashed as the Heavenly Yuan Brush in his hand also jerked.
The brush instantly grew, its snow-white hairs seemingly turning into a stream of white as they whizzed forth. Golden Genesis Qi swirled around the hairs as they smashed into the Genesis Qi flood.
Boom!
A violent explosion Genesis Qi swept outwards.
The snow-white hairs were scattered, before they returned to the brush tip.
At this instant, however, Zhou Yuan extended a hand and lightly pushed downwards.
Rumble!
The giant Genesis Qi mountain shook as it suddenly pushed down with more power
AHHH!
Screamed Qin Zhen. The Genesis Qi mountain powerfully slammed into the ground, flattening his entire body. It was a very miserable sight.
“I yield! I yield!”
He screamed, no longer able to bear the pain.
Rumble!
A flood of Genesis Qi blasted the giant Genesis Qi mountain, smashing it to bits.
Specks of light seemed to dance as they filled the sky.
The entire Genesis Mountain was deathly silent as countless gazes looked towards Lu Feng, the latter’s handsome face currently an angry shade of steely green. He darkly glared at Zhou Yuan as a terrifying aura began to rise from his body.
A split second later, an eerily cold voice slowly rang out from his mouth.
“Zhou Yuan, you’re courting death!”

