Chapter 241 Zong Ming
News that Zhou Yuan and Zhu Yue would compete based on Genesis technique to see who should possess the right to be an instructor of the Ethereal Form technique, very quickly spread to the entirety of the outer mountains.
This matter undoubtedly led to a huge uproar.
The sharper individuals could already see that this was Zhu Yue’s counter attack.
Although everyone knew that Zhou Yuan was extremely talented in the Ethereal Form technique, at the end of the day, he had only been practicing it for less than a month.
Zhu Yue on the other hand had spent nearly two years on it.
No matter how one looked at it, a competition purely based on technique was completely in Zhu Yue’s favor.
“This is too shameless! Does being at a higher level in the Ethereal Form technique means he will surely be a better teacher?”
“Yeah, Zhou Yuan can train you to the first level in a month, can Zhu Yue do that?”
“ Zhu Yue is clearly causing trouble on purpose!”
“......”
Countless whispers spread in the outer mountains, especially from the disciples that hoped to obtain Zhou Yuan’s guidance, all of them of one mind as they spoke up for Zhou Yuan.  After all, training with Zhou Yuan was not only cheaper but also more effective.
If Zhou Yuan’s right to teach was taken, they would have no choice but to return to Zhu Yue.
An outcome that would undoubtedly waste more time and Genesis jade.
However, their opposition was unable to amount to anything. After all, the disciples that practiced the Ethereal Form technique was only a fraction in the entire outer mountains.
Even more disciples were waiting to be entertained, especially the Shengzhou disciples. Zhou Yuan’s reputation had grown too great recently, making them slightly unhappy. Hence, they were naturally more than happy to watch him being suppressed by Zhu Yue.
In addition, this was a matter decided by the outer mountain manager, Chen Yuan, so none of the disciples could object.
...
By the mountain creek.
News of the Genesis technique competition swiftly spread to this place and landed in Zhou Yuan’s ears.
Zhou Yuan was seated on a rock, pretty much no change in his expression. However, the hundred or so disciples before him immediately burst into noise.
“Zhu Yue is too much!”
“Do we have to even ask him where we’re allowed to train the Ethereal Form technique?”
“His place is so expensive and so inefficient, who would want to go there.”
“......”
Gu Hongyi also frowned slightly. She came to Zhou Yuan’s side and said, “Zhu Yue’s bullying is intolerable, I can’t believe that he decided on this competition without notifying you or seeking your opinion!”
This information had only reached Zhou Yuan’s ears when it was being spread. From this, one could see that Zhu Yue clearly did not care about Zhou Yuan’s opinions.
Zhou Yuan smiled faintly. “I’ve clearly been an eyesore to someone for quite some time.”
There was no way that Zhu Yue would be able to decide on this match with just his inner mountain disciple status alone. Everything had to first be approved by the outer mountain manger, Chen Yuan.
“What are you plans?” There was some worry in Gu Hongyi’s bright eyes. Although Zhou Yuan had mastered the first level of the Ethereal Form technique, Zhu Yue had reached the this level long ago.
Moreover, although it was not a real fight but a Genesis technique match, the odds were clearly still stacked against Zhou Yuan.
“Since my opponent has thrown out this move, I will naturally have to receive it.” Zhou Yuan grinned.
He knew long in advance that Zhu Yue would never let this matter rest. His source of income had been cut off by Zhou Yuan after all. Zhou Yuan also understood that he needed to eliminate Zhu Yue in order to continue earning Genesis jade.
Now that the other party had played his hand, it was undoubtedly Zhou Yuan’s best chance to remove the former.
Since both of them were eyeing the Genesis jade income from teaching the Ethereal Form technique, one of them would naturally have to be eliminated.
It was not that Zhou Yuan had not considered teaching another Genesis technique, but if he did so, he would offend even more people. He was currently only an outer mountain disciple, so there was no need for him to be so greedy.
Gu Hongyi rather admired the fact that there was no fear on Zhou Yuan’s face, but worry still flooded her eyes. She understood that no matter how pathetic Zhu Yue was, he was still an inner mountain disciple.
“I previously heard Zhu Yue say that he has already unblocked 41 apertures. However, he may have been hiding his true strength.” Gu Hongyi told Zhou Yuan the information she knew.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly. “Someone as devious as him will not reveal his bottom line so easily.”
41 apertures was likely just a front, or Zhu Yue would not have so confidently fixed a Genesis technique match while clearly knowing that Zhou Yuan had also reached the first level.
It was obvious that Zhu Yue was confident in his abilities.
Zhu Yue may have his confidence, but Zhou Yuan too should not be looked down upon.
Zhou Yuan’s gaze turned towards the clamouring crowd below as he said in a calm voice, “No need to be alarmed. Since Zhu Yue wants a competition, I’ll just have to accept.”
Upon hearing that Zhou Yuan was going to accept the match, the numerous disciples looked to each other in dismay, seeing the worried looks in everyone’s eyes as they began to speak in low voices.
They were clearly afraid that Zhou Yuan would lose, giving them no option but to return to Zhu Yue.
However, since the competition was already set in stone, their worry would not change anything. The only thing left was to nervously wait for the match in five days.
...
The crowd dispersed after the training was over, but some whispers could still be heard. One could imagine how the Genesis technique competition in five days would soon become the focal point of the entire outer mountains.
Zhou Yuan ignored all of this as he headed back to his little house.
In front of the little house.
The elder in gray came here daily to engage in a match of Genesis Runes with Yaoyao on the jade board. After each vicious clash, he would leave in a carefree manner.
Zhou Yuan stood behind Yaoyao as he gazed upon the jade board. The swelling pain from his Spirit grew increasingly intense, as if something was brewing within.
Zhou Yuan knew that it was likely a sign that his Spirit was about to step into the Corporeal stage.
Observing the Genesis Rune game between the two of them for the past few days had clearly been very beneficial to him.
As another game approached its end, there was still not clear victor between the two.
The elder in gray sighed in regret, the admiration in his eyes growing even greater as he looked towards Yaoyao and said, “I really want to know who taught you. Can’t believe your Genesis Qi mastery had reached such a high level at this young age.”
“If your Spirit cultivation rises, your accomplishments on the path of Genesis Runes will be unimaginable.”
There was still no change in Yaoyao’s flawless face despite his praise. Only laziness could be sensed from on her seemingly glowing fair skin.
Yaoyao suddenly asked, “Old mister should be one of the two outer mountain elders, right?”
The elder was stunned, somewhat surprised as he replied, “How did you know?”
Yaoyao’s red lips parted slightly as she answered ,”There are two elders in the outer mountains that possess the highest authority, but they usually do not bother with ordinary matters, leaving everything to Chen Yuan.”
“Your Genesis Rune mastery is equally as good as mine. Even being an elder in the outer mountains is a little unbecoming for you.”
The elder in gray chuckled. “Little one, are you indirectly praising yourself?”
Soon after, he nodded. “My name is Zong Ming, and I am indeed an outer mountain elder.”
Zhou Yuan looked at the former in amazement, clearly never expecting the old man’s status to be so high. An outer mountain elder was pretty much the highest authority in the outer mountains. Even Chen Yuan would not dare to speak against him.
Yaoyao placed a hand on her sharp chin as she said, “Since you’re an outer mountain elder, I want to inquire why the two of you have not done anything with regards to Chen Yuan repeatedly targeting Zhou Yuan?”
The elder in gray playfully said, “Why? You want to lodge a complaint?”
Yaoyao nonchalantly said, “This Genesis technique match of Chen Yuan’s clearly does not conform to the rules.”
The elder in gray, Zong Ming, chuckled. “Who asked this brat to be so greedy. To think that he intends on eating up all of Zhu Yue’s pie.”
As he chuckled, he looked towards Zhou Yuan. “But since she has spoken, I can cancel the match if you don’t want to participate.”
Zhou Yuan merely smiled upon hearing this. He quickly shook his head and said, “There’s no need to cancel it. I only hope that it will be a fair match.”
Chen Yuan seemed to rather dislike Zhou Yuan, hence the latter wanted to prevent any unexpected trouble during the match.
Surprise flitted across Zong Ming’s eyes, clearly not expecting Zhou Yuan to be so unafraid. The former immediately asked in an interested manner, “You actually dare to compete with Zhu Yue in the Ethereal Form technique?”
“If we are to compete based on Genesis Qi, the current me will not be able to match him. But if it is the Ethereal Form technique, it will not be so easy for him to beat me.”
“Teaching a Genesis technique is a delicious pie indeed, it’s really hard for me to return it after having a slice.”
“Just like how Zhu Yue wants to kick me out, I too want to get rid of him and enjoy the pie alone.”
Zong Ming looked towards Zhou Yuan and grinned, “You’re young, but your ambitions are not small.”
In the end, he nodded. “Although I do not know where your confidence comes from, you do not need to worry. No one will be able to try anything funny during this Genesis technique competition because I’ll be personally overseeing it.”
Zong Ming stood up, smiling as he looked at Yaoyao and Zhou Yuan. “I don’t know why, but I have the feeling that the Cangxuan Sect will become very lively with you two little ones here…”
With a wave of his hand, he turned around and left.
Only after watching him leave did Yaoyao finally lift her head and looked towards Zhou Yuan. “Are you confident in your chances? Zhu Yue will likely be prepared.”
Zhou Yuan grinned slightly. “Relax, I was originally planning on renting out the Nine Dragons Canon sometime during the next few days, but it looks like I’ll have to focus all of my efforts on the Ethereal Form technique…”
His eyes were suffused with an icy light.
“When the time comes, I’ll give Zhu Yue a pleasant surprise.”

