Chapter 269 Hongyi’s Aid
Zhou Yuan stood in the air above a silver stone platform, golden Genesis Qi forming a cloud under his feet. He was currently looking to his front with an expressionless face.
In front of him stood Lu Feng and Yang Xiu with their hands behind their backs. Two powerful presences rose into the air like two towering mountains that blocked the path towards the final golden stone platform.
Like two tigers blocking the road.
Lu Feng’s indifferent gaze looked towards Zhou Yuan as he said, “Zhou Yuan, this is where you stop.”
He did not speak any further, his gaze turning towards Yang Xiu. “Brother Yang, I’ll be handing him to you. Delay him for an incense stick of time, and I will be able to occupy the champion’s platform.”
Yang Xiu smiled slightly and replied, “Sure, but you must fulfil the promise you made.”
Yang Xiu was just that tiny bit weaker than Lu Feng, and came from the prominent Yang clan. Hence, he was naturally not subordinate to Lu Feng, but rather friends of sorts. Since Lu Feng had asked him to take on this task, the latter would naturally have to pay a certain price.
“Don’t worry.” Lu Feng nodded, before his cold gaze turned towards Zhou Yuan, mockery lifting from the corners of his mouth, “Brother Yang will play with you for a bit. I’ve told you before that you shouldn’t dream of taking first place.”
The moment he finished, his figure suddenly rose upwards, making a beeline towards the highest golden platform.
Zhou Yuan frowned slightly at this sight and took a step forward.
Rumble!
Alarming Genesis Qi undulations abruptly exploded from Yang Xiu’s body, undulations that reached the fourth layer Alpha-Origin.
Yang Xiu was clearly no weakling.
“Junior brother Zhou Yuan, why the need to cling so tightly to first place, you should be satisfied that you can already reach top ten.” Yang Xiu smiled.
His hands began to close as silver Genesis Qi that flickered with lightning whizzed from his palms with a loud rumble, ultimately transforming into a giant lightning dragon.
Rumble!
The lightning dragon roared as it charged towards Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly, no bothering to say anything. Since Yang Xiu was intent on helping Lu Feng stop him, the only thing to do was to step over this obstacle.
Although it would be a little troublesome, as long as Zhou Yuan could deal with Yang Xiu within an incense stick of time, he would naturally be able to stop Lu Feng from taking first place.
Golden Genesis Qi unfurled from Zhou Yuan’s body, taking the shape of a python as its hiss echoed across the area.
Pchla!
However, just as Zhou Yuan was about to act, his expression suddenly changed slightly. A flash of red descended from the sky, viciously lashing at the Genesis Qi lightning dragon.
Boom!
Berserk Genesis Qi shockwaves swept outwards.
The flash of red shot back to where it came from, turning into a long red whip that ultimately landed in a fair hand.
Countless gazes looked over, only to find a fiery-red figure proudly standing in the air, a red whip wrapped around its wrist like a circle of fire.
It was obviously Gu Hongyi.
“Hey, did you guys forget about me?” Gu Hongyi smiled faintly.
Yang Xiu was taken aback, evidently not expecting Gu Hongyi to suddenly interfere. Given the latter’s ability, no one would dare to snatch any of the top ten spots she occupied.
“Hongyi!”
At this moment, the expression of Lu Feng, who had originally been heading towards the tallest golden stone platform, turned ugly when he saw this, and angrily said, “Hongyi, what are you doing?! All of us are Shengzhou disciples, what would the others say about this?”
Gu Hongyi shot an icy look at him and retorted, “In my eyes, there is no difference between Shengzhou and the other continents, everyone who enters the Cangxuan Sect is a Cangxuan disciple.”
“You!” The veins on Lu Feng’s head bulged. His anger had clearly reached its peak.
However, Gu Hongyi ignored him, her bright eyes turning towards Zhou Yuan as she said, “Go and fight for first place, I’ll play with him.”
Zhou Yuan was taken aback. From her words, Gu Hongyi clearly planned on helping him obstruct Yang Xiu. If so, she would also have to give up on the chance to vie for first place.
Gu Hongyi waved her hand and said in a straightforward manner, “Don’t be so wishy washy, you guided me in the Ethereal Form technique, so this is how I’ll be paying you back.”
She paused for a moment, before continuing, “However, this is all I can help you with. Whether or not you beat Lu Feng will depend on your abilities.”
Zhou Yuan gaze at Gu Hongyi and laughed softly. He did not argue, instead cupping his fists together.
“Then I’ll give my thanks.”
With a deep breath, his foot suddenly pushed downwards. Golden Genesis Qi enveloped his body, transforming him into a flash of gold that dashed towards the sky. In a few dozen breaths, he stood at the same height as Lu Feng.
Lu Feng’s handsome face was currently ominously stormy. He stared hard a Zhou Yuan for a long time, before gradually suppressing the churning rage in his heart.
Lu Feng frostily remarked, “You really are like a lingering ghost.”
Zhou Yuan grinned, before lifting his head to look towards the golden stone platform. “If not because you provoked me time and time again, I would not have had much interest in first place.”
It was indeed as he had said. His original goal had been top ten so that he would qualify for the right to choose his peak. As for number one, he never really gave it much thought.
But who would have expected the petty and narrow-minded Lu Feng to repeatedly target him, and even impede him by buying up the Genesis Beast essence blood from Glittering Jewels Pavilion in advance. Such actions truly disgusted Zhou Yuan.
Hence, Zhou Yuan started his counter attack.
Lu Feng’s expression had already fully returned to normal. He stared at Zhou Yuan, a faint trace of disdain hanging from the corners of his mouth as he uncaringly said, “Are you saying this to make me feel regret?”
“Zhou Yuan, you overestimate yourself.”
“Do you truly believe that you are any threat to me? In my eyes, you’re just a dirty and disgusting mud snake. All you are is an eyesore, but since you’ve now truly angered me, I can only stomp you to death!”
A chilling light flitted across Lu Feng’s eyes.
“Fine, since you’re such an ignorant fool that does not know the immensity of the heavens and earth, I will beat you till you wake up from your delusions, and let you know that compared to Shengzhou geniuses like us, you’re ultimately just a peasant that has never seen the world!”
When the final word left his mouth, powerful Genesis Qi exploded from Lu Feng’s body like a storm. The Genesis Qi carried him straight into the sky, before landing him on the golden stone platform.
At the same time, Lu Feng’s intensely chilling shout sounded across the area,
“Zhou Yuan, get your ass up here!”
“I will make sure that you will no longer dare to appear before me ever again!”
Zhou Yuan eyes narrowed slightly. A split second later, golden Genesis Qi turned into a giant python under his feet and ferociously shot forth.
Swish!
His figure also slowly landed on the highest golden stone platform under the attention of countless watching eyes.
Two figures faced each other on the golden stone platform.
It was akin to the confrontation between a tiger and a lion in the forest.

