Chapter 572 Helpers
As the Sacred Palace team left, the various factions far away shook their heads in disappointment. They had originally been hoping for a fight to break out between the two overlord sects, because it would give them an opportunity to slip into the chaos and take advantage.
The Mythic Genesis essence on both sides was surely very plentiful after all.
Unfortunately for them, both parties had remained rational.
As such, since there were no longer any opportunities here, the various factions could only begin leaving one after another.
In the short span of a few minutes, the originally noisy mountain range had once again become silent.
After all the factions had left, the sounds of rushing wind was suddenly heard from behind. Jin Zhang and the others turned around, to find several dozen figures descending from the sky.
It was Gu Hongyi, Zhou Tai, Lu Yan and the rest, but all they saw when they arrived was the mess left behind after the battle.
“Chief disciple Jin Zhang, are you guys alright?” The first thing they did was look towards Jin Zhang and the other Cangxuan Sect disciples.
Gu Hongyi’s gaze swept across the area, as she somewhat puzzledly asked, “Zhou Yuan, where are the Sacred Palace disciples?”
Jin Zhang could not help but chuckle. “You guys are late. The Sacred Palace team has already been chased off by Zhou Yuan. One of the chief disciples on their side has been gravely injured, and it is uncertain if he will survive.”
Gu Hongyi and the others looked towards each other. It was already over?
“Chief disciple Zhou Yuan was too powerful.” Behind Jin Zhang, the saved Cangxuan Sect disciples looked towards Zhou Yuan, their eyes and voices filled with respect.
The scene of Zhou Yuan swiftly crushing Ning Mo earlier had left a very deep impression on them.
In fact, there was even some envy in their eyes when they looked towards Gu Hongyi and the others. After all, with such a powerful leader, the rate of collecting Mythic Genesis essence would undoubtedly rise tremendously.
With regards to these gazes, the Cangxuan Sect disciples from Zhou Yuan’s team felt quite honored.
Jin Zhang also cast his gaze towards Zhou Yuan and cupped his fists together, “Chief disciple Zhou Yuan, it’s mostly thanks to you this time.”
If not for Zhou Yuan’s timely arrival, it would certainly have been a disaster.
Zhou Yuan waved his hand and said, “It’s only right that we should help each other out.”
Inside the Mythic Utopia, the entire Cangxuan Sect was basically one entity, and the disciples were no longer divided by their peaks. If their strength were to fall, it would only become even more difficult when they eventually faced the Sacred Palace.
Hence, it was very unlikely for Zhou Yuan to sit by and watch as a team led by a chief disciple was wiped out by the Sacred Palace.
A complicated expression rose in Jin Zhang’s eyes. He had after all been one of the key figures in the boundary back then when the Spirit Rune Peak had tried to test Yaoyao, and definitely caused some trouble for the duo.
Hence, he was in truth quite touched that Zhou Yuan had immediately rushed over after receiving the urgent call of aid.
However, Jin Zhang soon composed himself and swept a quick glance at his team members. “Chief disciple Zhou Yuan, let’s withdraw from this area first. The Sacred Palace has already made this district a temporary base of sorts.”
His expression was rather grave. If Wang Yuan’s previous words had been true, there would be three Sacred Palace chief disciples in this district alone, a very powerful line-up indeed.
Though he was also quite puzzled as to why three Sacred Palace chief disciples would be gathered in one place.
Regardless, the forces Sacred Palace had in this area were far too powerful, and it would be very disadvantageous for the Cangxuan Sect group to continue staying here. What they should do now was to shift their target to another district, and search for Mythic Genesis essence there instead.
However, Jin Zhang was soon surprised, because Zhou Yuan had shaken his head in response. “I’m afraid that I have no intention of withdrawing from this district.”
He had rushed here with his team not only to save Jin Zhang and the others, but more importantly, because the six color treasure location was somewhere here.
After searching and harvesting Mythic Genesis essence for some time, Zhou Yuan clearly understood how difficult it was to condense a six-color Divine Establishing Treasure. As such, he knew how amazing it would be to obtain one, and since he had information about it, there was no reason to give up.
Jin Zhang was clearly a little stunned by this answer, and hurriedly said, “Don’t be rash Zhou Yuan. You also heard earlier that the Sacred Blood Hall chief disciple, Fan Yao, is somewhere in this area. If we don’t hurry up and withdraw, they will likely make us pay a terrible price when they return.”
“Fan Yan is very strong!”
Jin Zhang said in a low voice, “If we were to rank all of the chief disciples from the various factions of the Shengzhou Continent, Fan Yao would definitely be amongst the top ten.”
“Fan Yao huh…”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes rippled for a moment as he fell silent, before he said, “There’s a treasure location in this district, and if I’m not wrong, it is the very reason why so many Sacred Palace chief disciples have rushed here.”
“A treasure location?” Jin Zhang was taken aback. Only now did he understand why Zhou Yuan insisted on staying here. After all, a treasure location was akin to a giant opportunity in the Mythic Utopia.
However, even if there was a treasure location here, many Sacred Palace experts were already gathered here, and there was even the powerful Fan Yao overseeing them. It would not be easy to vie for the treasure with such formidable foes around.
“Chief disciple Jin Zhang, why not bring the others and withdraw while I try to scout the situation.” Suggested Zhou Yuan. He could clearly tell that Jin Zhang was extremely wary of Fan Yao, and thus did not plan on forcing the former to come along.
Although Zhou Yuan prefered to have their company, there were after all three chief disciples from the Sacred Palace here, a formidable line-up that surpassed his expectations even with Ning Mo basically crippled by him.
It would undoubtedly be much better and safer if Jin Zhang could come along.
Jin Zhang was silent for a while, before he gritted his teeth and said, “You ran all the way here to save us, so how can we possibly leave you behind in response. *Sigh*, since you have your eyes on the treasure locations, we’ll come along and lend you our strength.”
If he allowed Zhou Yuan to go without them, he would surely be in a more vulnerable position against the Sacred Palace side. In Jin Zhang’s view, that would be rather ungrateful of him.
Zhou Yuan was a little stunned, evidently somewhat surprised by Jin Zhang’s answer.
Jin Zhang slowly said, “Ning Mo was gravely injured by you, and even if they manage to save him, he’ll likely be incapable of fighting. As such, the Sacred Palace side will be left with two chief disciples, Fan Yao and Wang Yuan, making our forces quite equal overall.”
Since he could not persuade Zhou Yuan out of this, Jin Zhang would have to follow along.
Jin Zhang looked towards the other disciples behind him and asked, “What about you guys?”
The disciples looked at each other, before ultimately gritting their teeth. “If chief disciple Zhou Yuan is confident, we will naturally be unafraid of taking this risk. Moreover, they’ve already killed so many of our fellow disciples, so how can we let this matter drop so easily?!”
In the end, no one was afraid of the Sacred Palace. After all, they had their pride as Cangxuan Sect disciples.
Jin Zhang was quite gratified by their response. He looked towards Zhou Yuan and said, “If chief disciple Zhou Yuan does not find us to be a burden, we will follow you and help you seize that treasure location.”
“After all, I would be lying if I were to say we aren’t interested as well.”
Zhou Yuan chuckled. This was the good thing about being part of a sect. Although there were many conflicts within the sect, they were at the very least able to work together against outsiders in times of need.
“Since that is the case, let’s work together once more.” He extended a hand towards Jin Zhang.
Jin Zhang also chuckled and likewise reached out to grasp Zhou Yuan’s hand.
“I hope that we’ll be able to regain face after fleeing in defeat earlier…”

