Chapter 91 Underground Palace
“That may not be so…”
The moment these words left Yaoyao’s mouth, Zhou Yuan, Su Youwei, Wei Canglan and the rest immediately cast their gazes towards her, looks of bewilderment on their faces. Could it be that Yaoyao was able to decipher even a Genesis Rune boundary like this?
As if she could read their minds, Yaoyao shook her head and said, “One needs to have at the minimum mastered grade 5 Genesis Runes to attempt deciphering this Genesis Rune boundary. The current me is unable to do so.”
Everyone was even more confused after hearing this. Since she was unable to decipher it, what other method was there?
Yaoyao said in an offhand manner, “Won’t we be able to open it as long as we have that special rune?”
Everyone forced a smile and shook their heads. Why would they be standing around if they knew the special rune?
However, Su Youwei’s eyes glimmered at this moment as she asked, “Does big sis Yaoyao know the special rune?”
Yaoyao carefully inspected the runes on the Genesis Rune boundary. A while later, she finally nodded. “It seems that I was correct.”
As she spoke, she tapped the Universe bag at her waist and a black jade tile appeared in her hand.
Zhou Yuan was taken aback when he saw the black jade tile. It was the item he had payed an unfair price of twenty thousand Genesis crystals previously in Devil Prison City.
He looked towards Yaoyao in disbelief. “Is the Genesis Rune on the black jade tile the key to open this Genesis Rune boundary?”
If so, his twenty thousand Genesis crystals were very well spent indeed.
“It should be.” Yaoyao touched the somewhat faded Genesis Rune on the jade tile. “I shall give it a try.”
She turned her head slightly and looked towards the others as she said, “All of you withdraw from the ruins first such as to prevent the worst case scenario. I’m unsure of what changes have occurred to the Genesis Rune boundary after so many years have passed, so I cannot ascertain if anything unexpected will happen.”
After hearing this, even Wei Canglan felt that he should comply. After all, the dangerous sensation from the Genesis Rune boundary was just a little too overwhelming.
Zhou Yuan opened his mouth and said with a smile, “You guys wait outside the ruins. I will stay here.”
Lu Tieshan hastily spoke up upon hearing this, “Your highness.”
Zhou Yuan waved his hand before looking towards Yaoyao. “I believe in big sis Yaoyao’s ability.”
Yaoyao cast a glance at him, her eyebrows curling as she teased, “More like you’re afraid that I will secretly take all the treasures.”
Zhou Yuan rolled his eyes in response.
“I will also stay behind.” Su Youwei lifted a fair little hand. No fear could be seen on her small and pretty face.
Zhou Yuan did not object and looked towards the rest to urge them to leave. Wei Canglan and the rest ceased resisting and withdrew from the pit one by one.
After everyone left, Yaoyao grasped her jade-green Genesis Rune Brush as her expression turned serious. She stared at the glowing Genesis Rune boundary before her for a few seconds, before the tip of her brush suddenly descended.
The brush tip flowed like water as stroke after stroke emerged in a unique rhythm.
Zhou Yuan and Su Youwei stood behind her, their expressions grave, heartbeat quickening as they watched the complicated Genesis Rune slowly take shape.
After all, a single mistake might cause the Genesis Rune boundary to go haywire, which would undoubtedly be a disaster for all of them.
The atmosphere in the deep pit was suffocatingly silent. The only noise that could be heard was the very soft movement of Yaoyao’s Genesis Rune Brush.
This silence lasted for a long time before the Genesis Rune was finally completed. The extremely complicated rune slowly descended and eventually came into contact with the Genesis Rune boundary.
Zhou Yuan, Yaoyao and Su Youwei did not dare to blink as they stared at the Genesis Rune boundary.
Buzz buzz!
Under their gazes, the Genesis Rune boundary soon began to ripple violently, waves of berserk undulations pulsing. This caused Zhou Yuan’s expression to change slightly, under the impression that the boundary was about to explode.
Fortunately, this only continued for a dozen breaths before gradually calming down.
Next, the trio watched in joy and surprise as the Genesis Rune boundary slowly began to part, revealing a way through.
Su Youwei joyfully blurted out, “It worked!”
Yaoyao gently stroked her fair cheek as a faint smile rose on her lips.
“Awesome!” Zhou Yuan gave a thumbs-up to Yaoyao.
“Go open the door.” Yaoyao hoisted her sharp little chin.
Zhou Yuan walked forward, placed his hand on the ice-cold bronze door and gave a little push. A creaking sound could be heard as the bronze door that had been tightly shut for many many years slowly cracked open.
As the bronze door was pushed open, dusky yellow light peered through.
The trio cautiously walked in.
Behind the door was what appeared to be a spacious underground palace. Though it had been sealed for a long time, there was still fresh air flowing through. The first sight that greeted them was the countless silhouettes silently seated within.
“Are all of these… battle puppets?!” Zhou Yuan’s expression immediately changed. He had discovered that these battle puppets were similar to those they had encountered before, only they appeared even more high-class.
“No need to panic, the cores of these battle puppets are in a dormant state. Moreover, they have not been given any commands. In other words, they are masterless puppets.” A single look was all that was needed for Yaoyao understand the state of the battle puppets here.
Zhou Yuan gasped upon hearing this. All masterless puppets? Did this not mean that the royal clan had a chance to control them?
“There are no less than ten thousand battle puppets here!” Zhou Yuan’s eyes widened in shock. If the royal clan possessed an army of ten thousand battle puppets, their power would undoubtedly soar.
Yaoyao said, “However, you won’t be able to gain control of them in the short term. Several experts proficient in Genesis Runes will be required to personally activate them one by one. Thus, a tremendous amount of time is needed to gain control of this army.”
Zhou Yuan regretfully shook his head after hearing this. If the royal clan could swiftly gain control over this battle puppet army, sweeping away Qi Manor would be too easy.
However, he could still inform his father about this matter, letting the latter secretly send some people to take charge of this task and eventually take full control of the battle puppet army.
While the trio were conversing, they passed through the underground palace and arrived at the front of the battle puppet army where a stone platform stood. On the stone platform were three jade cases.
Zhou Yuan cautiously walked forward and carefully lifted open one of the cases.
Buzz!
A flash of light immediately escaped from the case, revealing itself to be a crystal. The crystal emitted rays of light that gathered into a screen of light before them.
On the light screen was a ten thousand mile long mountain range where an endless procession of buildings stood.
Countless battle puppets could be seen amongst the structures, while numerous figures busily shuttled around. It was clearly a scene from the time when the Battle Puppet Sect still existed. Such grandness and magnificence proved just how powerful the sect had been.
Rumble!
The scene suddenly changed. It was as if all color had faded from the world as space was torn open high up in the sky and a dazzling figure slowly flew out.
The body of this figure was suffused with sacred and holy light. His eyes were completely void of any emotion, while a vertical blood red scar was embedded between his brows.
The moment this figure appeared, a terrifying pressure seemed to descend from the sky, causing the many mountain peaks to crumble while drawing countless fear-filled gazes.
The figure indifferently looked down from high up in the sky as an emotionless voice resounded across the land.
“The prides of our Sacred race have died here. I declare this place a sinful land that shall receive holy punishment. All life within an eighty thousand mile radius shall be destroyed.”
The voice was full of destruction. As it faded, endless heavenly lightning fell from the sky causing the entire place to swiftly disintegrate.
It was a bombardment nearly akin to punishment from the heavens. The only fate for the Battle Puppet Sect was to be turned to ashes.
Heavenly lightning descended, leaving only death within an eighty thousand mile radius.
Zhou Yuan watched in horror as his heart violently shuddered. The scenes depicted were very likely what had happened many years ago in Blackwater. Was this how the numerous ancient factions of that era had been annihilated?
Why was the human figure that glowed with sacred light so terrifying? A single sentence was all it took to destroy every living creature within an eighty thousand mile radius.
Could it be? Just because a few talented geniuses of this so-called Sacred race had died here, all life had been sentenced to death in punishment?
While Zhou Yuan and Su Youwei were in shock, neither saw the icy coldness that even Yaoyao herself did not detect flit across her eyes as she stared at the glowing figure.
She suddenly extended a hand and a nine-color lotus flower jade pendant appeared within it.
Light seemed to flash across the usually dormant nine-color jade pendant at this moment.

