Chapter 208 Before Leaving
The giant hand in the sky gradually dissipated, leaving behind broken mountain after mountain. It looked as if half of the mountain range had been torn apart…
Countless people stupidly stared at this scene.
Even Zhou Yuan was flabbergasted. He clearly never expected Zhao Pan's actions to incite patriarch Cang Yuan's remaining power…
"Patriarch…"
Mu Wuji blankly stared at this scene, his lips faintly quivering. His face was overwhelmed with emotion, while his eyes were filled with reverence.
"Zhao Pan is really unlucky…" The other four envoys secretly shook their heads.
They naturally knew that patriarch Cang Xuan’s death had something to do with Sacred Palace. Hence why the patriarch hated those from Sacred Palace.
After patriarch Cang Xuan's death, his body transformed into the numerous Saint Remains Domains littered all over Cangxuan Heaven. If anyone from Sacred Palace got too close, they would incite patriarch Cang Xuan's power, drawing huge trouble to themselves.
As such, every member of Sacred Palace did not dare to approach any of these Saint Remains Domains.
However, Zhao Pan had not been that close to this Saint Remains Domain, and yet he had somehow still incited patriarch Cang Xuan's power, causing him to suffer bloodily.
Bang!
Under countless pitying gazes, a pillar of Genesis Qi burst out from the rubble as a figure soared into the sky, his miserable figure hovering in the air.
The crowd looked over, only to be shocked. Zhao Pan was drenched in blood, his clothes torn and tattered, while Genesis Qi feebly lingered around him. He had clearly sustained extremely serious injuries.
Zhao Pan’s entire body trembled uncontrollably, both terrified and angry. How could he ever have imagined that he would incite patriarch Cang Xuan’s power...
"Blasted! I was clearly pretty far away, why did this still happen?!" Howled Zhao Pan in his heart.
How could he not know that the Saint Remains Domains did not welcome those from the Sacred Palace like him. Hence why he had also been maintaining his distance since the beginning, though he somehow still ended incurring the patriarch’s wrath.
Mu Wuji let out an icy chuckle as he mocked, “Heh, Zhao Pan, it seems that you’re even more loathsome than others, so loathsome that even patriarch can’t stand the sight of you.”
Zhao Pan’s complexion was steely white with anger, but he no longer dared to show any of the bossiness from before. The previous blast of power had terrified him silly, and taking another one would likely kill him on the spot.
Moreover, patriarch Cang Xuan’s fame and reputation was just too great. Even though he was already dead, the name of the ex number one expert of Cangxuan Heaven still possessed a certain level of intimidation.
“I’ll not forget what happened today!”
Zhao Pan gnashed his teeth, his venomous gaze looking past Mu Wuji to pause on Zhou Yuan, the killing intent within so thick that it was practically oozing out. Evidently, he was firmly convinced that Zhou Yuan was the main reason for his humiliation today.
After leaving these threatening words behind, Zhao Pan no longer had the face to stay even a microsecond longer. With a wave of his sleeve, Genesis Qi swept out, wrapping around Ye Ming and the rest as the group began flying towards Saint Remains City.
Hence, what was originally suppose to be a fight between Divine Dwelling experts ended in a pretty lackluster manner.
Countless geniuses sighed in regret before beginning to scatter. Their expressions were somewhat disappointed, because only a tiny fraction had ultimately been chosen by the six envoys...
An icy look flitted across the depths of Zhou Yuan’s eyes as he watched Zhao Pan’s leaving figure.
“Zhao Pan right… I too will not forget you. There will come a day when I will give you a proper end to today’s matter…” Zhou Yuan icily said to in his heart.
The current him was not Zhao Pan’s match, but he was pretty good at holding grudges. If there was a chance in the future, Zhou Yuan would make sure to return everything Zhao Pan had given him today.
Mu Wuji turned around, looked towards Zhou Yuan and remarked with a grin, “I did not expect you to be so capable…”
He was naturally referring to Zhou Yuan’s earlier feat of avoiding Zhao Pan’s seemingly sure-hit attack.
Zhou Yuan smiled. Zhao Pan was a Divine Dwelling expert whose strength for surpassed his own. If he were to face the attack head-on, he would surely be instantly killed. But if it was just dodging, he would be able to tango for a little while with the power of the Decoder Saint Rune.
Mu Wuji said, “From now on, the two of you can be said to be the entry level disciples of the Cangxuan Sect…”
“In a few days, I will bring you two out of the Cangmang Continent and head to the Cangxuan Sect.”
“We’re going there directly?” Zhou Yuan was taken aback.
“Relax, I will send someone to your empire to inform your parents.” Said Mu Wuji with a smile.
Zhou Yuan hesitated for a moment as he turned his head towards the north, where the Great Zhou Empire was located.
“Are you worried about the Great Wu Empire?” Asked Mu Wuji when he saw this. He had evidently found out pretty much everything with regards to Zhou Yuan.
Zhou Yuan nodded. Although his father had already been freed from the shadow that used to haunt him and was gradually recovering his strength, it was still not enough to put up a fight against king Wu. Moreover, the Great Wu Empire’s power far surpassed the Great Zhou Empire.
He had defeated Wu Huang and taken back some of the sacred dragon blessing. Once king Wu found out, he would definitely be enraged. Zhou Yuan was afraid that king Wu would turn his fury to the Great Zhou Empire, and the former did not wish to see a broken Great Zhou when he returned.
“I wonder how things are progressing with the Battle Puppet Sect ruins. Once we convert every puppet, the Great Zhou Empire's power would surely grow tremendously. When that happens, we may not need to overly fear the Great Wu Empire." Thought Zhou Yuan.
My Wuji took a puff of his pipe and said, "I will send someone to keep an eye on the Great Wu Empire, so you need not worry too much."
He then looked at Zhou Yuan. "Besides this, you should also know that king Wu is pretty strong, and has likely reached the Divine Dwelling stage. Your Great Zhou Empire on the other hand doesn't have a single practitioner at this level."
“A single Divine Dwelling expert is enough to change everything.”
"If you want your empire to possess the power to contend with the Great Wu Empire, you'll need power that matches the Divine Dwelling stage…"
"The Cangxuan Sect is one of the strongest sects in Cangxuan Heaven. Only there will you be able to truly spread your wings and grow to become a true powerhouse."
"That's why you need to grasp this chance."
After hearing Mu Wuji's sincere advice, Zhou Yuan gave a slight nod. He naturally understood that only by entering the Cangxuan Sect would he be able to truly bring out his talent.
The Cangmang Continent was just too small for him, and staying here would instead limit his growth.
Even the most talented eagle would ultimately descend into mediocrity if trapped in a cage.
"I know…" Zhou Yuan nodded, his hands slowly clenching as he peered into the distance.
"Father, mother… although I can't bear to leave you, as the saying goes, an eagle will one day have to leave its nest. But don't worry, when I return to the Great Zhou Empire…"
"I will personally take back everything our Great Zhou Empire has lost!"
“So… you must wait for my return!”

