Chapter 108 King Wu’s Imperial Decree
The balance was finally broken by the third Alpha-Origin expert’s deaths at the hands and mouth of Zhou Yuan and Tuntun respectively. Besides Qi Yuan, the expressions of Great Qi’s remaining three Alpha-Origin experts changed, no longer any hesitation as they rapidly withdrew.
In the wake of the three Alpha-Origin experts’ retreat, Great Qi’s offensive instantly crumbled. Huge groups of soldiers wept for their parents as they madly fled. Only god knew how many were crushed in the stampede.
The morale of the entire Great Qi had been utterly destroyed.
Boom!
Zhou Qing and Qi Yuan clashed once again, each taking a dozen steps back. As Qi Yuan’s face flushed with exertion, he looked down at his crumbling army and immediately felt a slight sweetness in his throat, causing him to nearly vomit a mouthful of blood.
He would never have imagined that the originally favorable situation would develop into such a disaster.
“Qi Yuan, it’s already over. We should withdraw.” Zhao Tianlun and the other two remaining Alpha-Origin experts had appeared behind Qi Yuan, their expression rather ugly.
Victory had already begun leaning towards Great Zhou.
Qi Yuan’s face twisted in anger. He had plotted and schemed for so many years all for the sake of replacing Zhou with Qi. However, these numerous years had now gone up in smoke, and there would no longer be any place for him in Great Zhou after today.
Far away, Zhou Qing brandished the Nine Flames Spear in mid-air as he said in a chilling manner, “Humph, it won’t be so easy for you rebels to escape today!”
Wei Canglan, the Black Venom King, the silver armor Zhou Yuan and Tuntun had gathered behind him, eyes tightly fixed on Qi Yuan’s group.
Qi Yuan’s face twisted as he replied, “Don’t be so happy Zhou Qing, it is still not certain who has won or lost!”
The moment these words were said, Qi Yuan made a grabbing motion as golden light suddenly emerged from his hand. As the golden light flowed, an extremely astonishing pressure spread from within.
This pressure was vast and boundless, as if it was the aura of a king.
Everyone looked over, only to see a scroll within the golden light.
Zhao Tianlun and the rest were stunned as they involuntarily cried out, “This is… king Wu’s Imperial Decree?!”
The presence from the scroll was all too familiar to them. It was the same presence from the Great Wu Empire’s king Wu.
“You actually possess an Imperial Decree of king Wu’s?” The eyes with which Zhao Tianlun looked at Qi Yuan were filled with envy. King Wu’s Imperial Decree was no ordinary Imperial Decree. In a certain manner of speaking, it represented king Wu himself. Its most extraordinary attribute was that it was also a Genesis Treasure that had been imbued with king Wu’s will and the blessings of the Great Wu Empire.
Even the numerous military leaders and great ministers of the Great Wu Empire would have to bow before anyone who possessed it.
Most importantly, king Wu’s Imperial Decree had the ability to summon a projection of king Wu that wielded incredible power.
Hence, king Wu’s Imperial Decree was insanely valuable and extremely difficult to create. It was rare to find anyone who had one even in the Great Wu Empire.
No one had expected that Qi Yuan would actually have one!
The golden Imperial Decree in Qi Yuan’s hand gave off rays of light as the aura of a king pulsed outwards, causing everyone to involuntarily feel like kneeling.
However, a chilling coldness was revealed in Zhou Qing’s eyes as he gazed at the golden Imperial Decree. Had Qi Yuan brought king Wu’s Imperial Decree to Great Zhou to show off?
“Zhou Qing, I was originally unwilling to use this treasure, but I have no choice now that it's come to this.” Said Qi Yuan through gnashed teeth. King Wu’s Imperial Decree was a one use item that would disappear soon after. Thus, Qi Yuan would only use it as a final resort.
Mockery suddenly surfaced on Qi Yuan’s face as he stared at Zhou Qing.
“Zhou Qing, a shadow was left in your heart when you lost to king Wu and he took one of your arms, causing your strength to fall, never improving even till now. Today, I will use king Wu’s projection to kill you!”
“I want you to know just how useless you are when compared to king Wu, because he is a true king!”
Qi Yuan laughed loudly. Without any hesitation, the golden scroll in his hand was flung open. Thousands of golden rays immediately shot out, as a faint human silhouette seemed to emerge from within.
The human silhouette was very blurry. He seemed to sit atop an imperial throne, eyes filled with dignity as he looked down from above. Anyone who met his gaze would be awed by the aura of a king.
The most shocking aspect of the golden figure was his Genesis Qi undulations, undulations that had reached the fifth layer of the Alpha-Origin stage!
Out of all the individuals present, only Zhou Qing and Qi Yuan had reached the third layer of the Alpha-Origin stage, while everyone else was at the two layer level.
Five layer Alpha-Origin was clearly enough to steamroll over everyone here.
The golden figure on the throne was clearly just a projection, yet it caused the entire area to turn silent.
“Is that… king Wu?”
Zhou Yuan also observed the golden figure, his fists clenching tightly as iciness flowed within his eyes. It was this very person who had placed him on that cold atlar many years ago and stole his sacred dragon blessing. That same man had even sealed the dragon’s resentment in his body, causing the Dragon’s Resentment Poison to form.
“King Wu… Wu Xuan!”
In front of Zhou Yuan, Zhou Qing’s body trembled, veins of blood crazily climbing up in his eyes his unwavering gaze locked onto the golden figure. Back then, he had fought king Wu outside Great Zhou City, lost an arm and even personally witness his son’s blessing being stolen.
These scenes had once again emerged from deep within his memories, still as bloody and bone reachingly painful as it had been on that very day.
A pleased look flitted across Qi Yuan’s eyes when he saw Zhou Qing’s current appearance. With a cruel smile and a swing of the golden Imperial Decree, the golden figure slowly stood up from the throne. Astonishing Genesis Qi undulations exploded from its body, shaking the very heavens itself.
Zhou Yuan’s expression turned grave. The power of five layer Alpha-Origin was enough to reverse the situation once again.
He looked towards Wei Canglan and the rest and said in a serious voice, “We’ll attack together. The power of this Imperial Decree may be strong, but it will not last for long.”
The others nodded in acknowledgement. Any one of them would likely be killed if they were to face a five layer Alpha-Origin stage opponent alone.
However, just as Genesis Qi began to surge around them, Zhou Qing, who was at the very front, suddenly extended his hand to stop them.
“Your majesty?” Wei Canglan looked towards Zhou Qing in confusion.
Zhou Yuan also looked over.
Zhou Qing’s hand tightly gripped the scarlet-red Nine Flames Spear while his body continued to tremble. Blood red veins had already climbed out in his eyes as he stared at the golden figure.
Moments later, a hoarse voice sounded from this mouth.
“I will deal with him.”
Wei Canglan’s expression immediately changed upon hearing this and could not help but say, “Please don’t be reckless your majesty. That Imperial Decree golden figure… has cultivation of the five layer Alpha-Origin stage!”
The current Zhou Qing was only at the third layer Alpha-Origin stage!
Zhou Yuan’s expression fluctuated indeterminately.
Zhou Qing slowly turned his head and looked towards Zhou Yuan, his voice still hoarse as he spoke, “The defeat from back then left a shadow in my heart, leading to a huge drop in my strength and making me unable to progress ever since that day…”
“I need to overcome this myself, or I will never be able to take another step forward.”
Zhou Yuan’s nose suddenly felt a little sour as he gazed at the Zhou Qing’s bloodshot eyes. How could the former not understand at this point that Zhou Qing had likely been living in that shadow for so many years?
Wasn’t the appearance of the Imperial Decree golden figure a chance for Zhou Qing?
However, this chance may end up in failure. If so… Zhou Qing would never be able to walk out from that shadow.
Just how much courage was needed to make this decision?
Warmth suddenly surfaced in Zhou Qing’s eyes as he looked at Zhou Yuan. He gently patted the latter’s shoulders as he smiled and said, “My failure to protect you back then was my mistake, but… I will not let him hurt you this time.”
This was his final pride as a father.
After saying these words, Zhou Qing delayed no further. With a small jerk of the Nine Flames Spear, he slowly advanced as he pointed the spear at the golden figure of king Wu.
“Come Wu Xuan!”

