Chapter 231 Ability
Zhu Yue raged in the hall, his twisted expression causing the outer mountain disciples to keep silent out of fear. Zhu Yue was undoubtedly akin to a volcano on the verge of eruption at this moment.
Although Zhu Yue was seeing red, he still retained some of his rationality, and soon took in a deep breath. He knew that if an inner mountain disciple like himself were to lash out at Zhou Yuan in a fit of rage for no real reason, it would be a violation of the rules.
Of course, the most important factor was the extremely powerful mysterious little creature at Zhou Yuan’s side which was in no way weaker than himself. Even if he did try something, it would likely not end well for him.
Zhu Yue’s anger gradually returned to calmness, though his face remained stormy. He looked at the crowd of disciples and flatly said, “Continue your training.”
“This is Gu Hongyi’s personal decision, so no one can interfere.”
“I do hope that this ‘great master’ she has found will be able to help her advance by leaps and bounds.”
At this point, everyone could hear the hint of ridicule in his voice. Evidently, he felt that Gu Hongyi was asking for trouble. It was hard to believe that she had become so muddle-headed because of Zhou Yuan.
The other disciples nodded one after another, though a puzzled look remained in their eyes.
“Why has Gu Hongyi chosen to learn from Zhou Yuan?”
“Could she… be interested in him?”
However, these words were immediately rebutted in a clearly sore manner, “How can that be possible? Who do you think Gu Hongyi is? How can she possibly fancy that country bumpkin.”
“Then why did she do that?”
“This…”
Everyone looked at each other, unable to think of an answer.
Zhu Feng tried to pacify Zhu Yue, “Don’t worry elder brother, when Gu Hongyi returns to her senses, she will realise Zhou Yuan’s true colors. When that happens, she will definitely return.”
Zhu Yue coldly snorted as he uncaringly said, “It is her choice, so she’ll bear the consequences.”
“If she continued under my tutelage, with her talent, she would have mastered the first level of the Ethereal Form technique in a month…” He shook his head, as if feeling that it was such a pity.
“But who could have imagined that she would choose to ruin her own future.”
“I do want to see how much she will be able to learn from Zhou Yuan… humph, if word of this matter spreads to the ears of that elder of Gu Hongyi’s, that person will not forgive Zhou Yuan.”
A mocking angle seemed to be hooked up from the corners of Zhu Yue’s lips, as if he could already see Zhou Yuan’s tragic fate.
...
By a certain creak in the mountain.
Zhou Yuan stood on a rock, gazing at the young lady in red before him and inquired, “You’ve completed the tenth aperture of the Ethereal Form technique?”
Gu Hongyi nodded, her shapely brows knitting together slightly as she responded, “But it’s getting harder and harder to sense them the more apertures I find. I’ve already spent an entire day trying, but I’ve yet to sense the eleventh aperture.”
She suspiciously looked at Zhou Yuan and asked, “So how will you help me?”
“Sit down.” Zhou Yuan pointed to a rock.
Gu Hongyi sat down with her back straight. Her red clothes wrapped around her full curves that extended all the way to her waist as her chest stealthily rose and fell.
Zhou Yuan also sat down in front of her.
“Stretch out your hands.”
Gu Hongyi glared at Zhou Yuan, her eyes a little cold.
Zhou Yuan helplessly sighed. “Can you just listen to me?”
Gu Hongyi snorted softly as she glared daggers at Zhou Yuan. "If I find out that you're trying to take advantage of me, I will not let you off."
After finishing, she extended her hands, palms facing Zhou Yuan.
The corners of Zhou Yuan's lips curled slightly downwards as he also extended his hands, placing them against Gu Hongyi's.
A slight cooling sensation spread from their touching palms, causing Gu Hongyi's heart to tremble a little. Although she was viciously glaring at Zhou Yuan, a blush had risen on her face.
Zhou Yuan closed his eyes and said, "Circulate the Ethereal Form technique."
Only upon seeing that Zhou Yuan was seemingly not trying anything funny did Gu Hongyi forcibly attempt to ignore the uncomfortable feeling from her palms. She shut her eyes, willing herself into calmness, before beginning to direct her Genesis Qi along the Ethereal Form training route.
Genesis Qi began to flow, circulating round after round.
Gu Hongyi also began to sense the location of the eleventh aperture.
Zhou Yuan activated the Decoder Saint Rune, sending its power searching in Gu Hongyi's body…
Water flowed in the creak, while two figures sat facing each other. The atmosphere was rather peaceful.
An incense stick of time stealthily passed as Gu Hongyi gradually became somewhat disappointed. She was still unable to find the eleventh aperture. After some hesitation, she decided to leave her cultivation state.
It was at this moment however, that Zhou Yuan's voice was transmitted into her ears, "Don't be distracted and do not resist. I will soon begin guiding your Genesis Qi."
Gu Hongyi frowned deeply, somewhat hesitant. Allowing someone else to guide one's Genesis Qi was extremely dangerous. If the other party had any ill intentions, he could cause havoc with the Genesis Qi, a situation which may even result in one's channels being damaged.
Zhou Yuan seemed to know what was on Gu Hongyi's, and hence did not rush her, but instead patiently waited for her answer. After all, there was nothing he could do without her cooperation.
He could understand Gu Hongyi's hesitation. If he was in her place, he too would not easily allow someone else to direct the flow of Genesis Qi in his body.
This silence lasted for a few dozen breaths, before Zhou Yuan suddenly felt the Genesis Qi in Gu Hongyi's body slow down, as if control had been withdrawn.
"Zhou Yuan, let's see whether you're a liar or someone who truly has ability." Gu Hongyi's calm voice sounded.
She was a decisive person. Since she had already chosen to place her faith in Zhou Yuan, there was naturally no reason to hesitate anymore. However, if he was lying to her, she would let him know what kind of price there was to pay.
Zhou Yuan secretly sighed in admiration of Gu Hongyi's decisiveness. Without further ado, he began to direct the Genesis Qi in her body.
Genesis Qi flowed along her channels, suddenly speeding up a split second later as it prepared to charge towards a certain point in her body.
Gu Hongyi's body tensed up at this moment, her heart beating rapidly.
Pch!
A faint sound was heard. Next, a stunned Gu Hongyi felt an aperture being forced open in a certain part of her body.
The moment this aperture appeared, the previous ten apertures she had unblocked began to vibrate in resonance.
This response… the answer was already clear, she had found the eleventh aperture!
Zhou Yuan had actually succeeded?!
Gu Hongyi's heart was filled with shock. To think that what she had been unable to accomplish with an entire day of hard work had been completed by Zhou Yuan so quickly.
How had he done it?
Gu Hongyi was so astonished that she even forgot to begin the next step of polishing the aperture.
"You’ll have to polish the aperture yourself, I won’t be able to help you in this segment.” Only when Zhou Yuan’s voice sounded in her ears did Gu Hongyi return to her senses. She hurriedly began circulating her Genesis Qi, sending wisp after wisp into the aperture to polish it.
Zhou Yuan withdrew his hands, secretly breathing a sigh of relief as he watched Genesis Qi rise around Gu Hongyi. It was fortunate that he had succeeded, or it would not have ended well for him given Gu Hongyi’s temper.
“Fifty Genesis jade pieces… looks like I can continue to purchase mist essence, but it’s a pity I still can’t afford to rent out the Nine Dragons Canon from the Hidden Scriptures House. It seems that I’ll have to work harder.” Zhou Yuan sighed inside.
Gu Hongyi was finally done two hours later, the eleventh aperture in her body fully polished, before being infused with mist essence, allowing her to take another step forward towards the first level of the Ethereal Form technique.
Her long eyelashes trembled faintly as she slowly opened her eyes.
Zhou Yuan stood on a rock to her front, and was currently looking at her.
“How is it? You should believe that I’m not a liar now, right?” Zhou Yuan chuckled.
Gu Hongyi blushed slightly, a somewhat complicated expression in her eyes as she looked towards Zhou Yuan. A long while later, she finally responded, “How did you do it?”
Zhou Yuan offhandedly said, “My senses are just above average.”
Gu Hongyi did not probe any further. After a slight hesitation, she finally said in a soft voice, “Thanks.”
She knew that she was the big winner this time. Zhou Yuan had greatly increased her efficiency, something that Zhu Yue would never be able to achieve.
Zhou Yuan waved his hand. “You provided the money and I provided the effort. Each of us is just fulfilling the other’s needs.”
“It’s getting late. You may find me here during the next ten days. I’ll do my best to let you reach the first level of the Ethereal Form technique before these ten days are over…”
After he finished speaking, he waved as he turned and left in a carefree manner, leaving only the sight of his back.
Gu Hongyi watched him leave as she bit her red lips. It was a long time later before she finally mumbled to herself in a soft voice,
“This guy… does have a little ability after all…”

