Chapter 248 Conflict
Chapter 248 Conflict
On the mountain path.
Zhou Yuan frowned as he looked towards his front where Lu Feng stood with a hand behind his back, eyes suffused with iciness as he stared at the former.
Although there was not much apparent disdain in Lu Feng’s eyes, Zhou Yuan could feel an arrogance that transcended everyone else, the way he looked at others always containing contempt.
A gaze like this was even more detestable than disdain that one showed on the face, because it meant that no matter what you did, he would always feel that he is better than you.
Therefore, Zhou Yuan slowly said, “First things first, you and I have never even talked before this. As for trampling over you, I have zero interest…”
“Because I don’t feel that there’s anything great about it.”
“I’m not the type to stir up trouble, so I hope that trouble does not come knocking at my door either. But if some opinionated fellow voluntarily sticks his head out, I wouldn’t mind stepping on his head for a bit.”
“So can you step aside and let me pass?”
A faint, sharp light was present in his eyes as he stared at Lu Feng.
Lu Fung was stunned, seemingly unable to comprehend that Zhou Yuan would not only show no fear, but instead so directly come at him with such sharp, stinging words.
“Ah…”
A dark look rose within Lu Feng’s already cold eyes. He stared at Zhou Yuan and pondered for a brief moment, before asking, “... what exactly is it that makes you think you can speak in such a manner to me?”
“Is it because you won an inner mountain disciple in a Genesis technique match?”
Lu Feng slowly walked forward, standing right in front of Zhou Yuan, the two now mere feet apart. Zhou Yuan’s youthful, impassive face was reflected in the Lu Feng’s cold eyes as he softly said, “Zhou Yuan, you may have been able to ride roughshod over everyone in the tiny continent you came from, fully enjoying the status of a genius, but you need to recognize exactly where you are now…”
“This is the Shengzhou Continent, the Cangxuan Sect…”
“The one who stands before you comes from the Shengzhou Lu clan. My clan is of noble lineage in the Shengzhou Continent… a level that you probably do not even know of.”
“I have a senior that is an elder in the Sword Cometh Peak, and an elder sister in my clan is the personal disciple of the Sword Cometh Peak master…”
Lu Feng stared at Zhou Yuan in interest. Every word that was spat from his mouth seemed to bring with it an indescribable pressure. He obviously wanted to show that his background and relations from far from anything a no good Zhou Yuan could compare to.
If it was any other ordinary disciple, hearing Lu Feng’s words would likely give rise to fear in his heart.
Unfortunately, Zhou Yuan’s eyes remained calm from start to end, not even the slightest ripple to be seen.
Seeing no response of any sort from Zhou Yuan, Lu Feng seemed to believe that the former was stunned and awed. An almost undetectable curve slowly lifted from the corners of his lips as he reached out a hand to gently pat Zhou Yuan’s face.
“So can I ask you to keep your distance from Hongyi?”
When it was mere inches from Zhou Yuan’s face, Lu Feng’s hand was grabbed by Zhou Yuan’s.
Zhou Yuan’s stared at Lu Feng, frowning as he said, “I originally believed that you should at least have some ability as the person recognized as number one in the outer mountains. I never expected that you would be so pathetic…”
“What did you say?” Lu Feng’s eyes darkened.
As Zhou Yuan grabbed the former’s hand, he shook his head and said, “If you had talked about your own capabilities, I would have at least given a little recognition. But you ended up parading all of your so-called background and relations. So what if your clan is powerful? Can it control the Cangxuan Sect?”
“If it could, why would you need to say so much nonsense. You could have just kicked me out long ago.”
“That’s why, your so-called background has no effect on me.”
Disdain slowly rose from the corners of Zhou Yuan’s mouth as he gazed at the cold expression on Lu Feng’s face and said, “Lu Feng, Gu Hongyi is only practicing the Ethereal Form technique with me. If you can change her mind about it, feel free to go find her.”
“As for me, since I’ve accepted her tuition fees, I will definitely teach her if she comes.”
“With regards to what you think, I don’t have the tiniest bit of interest.”
“If you really intend to do something, go ahead and take action. There’s no need for you to put on an act and come warn me time and time again. As for your so-called background, if you are really able to beg for their help, feel free to…”
Every word from Zhou Yuan made Lu Feng’s expression turn a little stormier and darker. By the time the final word was said, a storm was already long brewing on his handsome face.
Zhou Yuan blunt words had made Lu Feng feel extremely humiliated.
He could not understand why a kid without any background at all would dare to speak in such a manner towards him?!
“I had originally intended to use the common people methods of people like Zhu Feng and Zhu Yue to make you understand that you should back off, but from what I can see, someone like you will only cry upon seeing the coffin!”
“Zhou Yuan, since you want to die, I will grant your wish!” Lu Feng’s eyes turned terrifyingly cold. A split second later berserk and ferocious Genesis Qi violently exploded from his body.
“I wonder what kind of punishment I’ll receive after I beat you to death today?”
Rumble!
The ground below his feet cracked open at this moment.
Lu Feng’s five fingers turned into a fist as he sent a punch flying. Space around it distorted slightly as robust Genesis Qi surged, like thunder as it swung straight towards Zhou Yuan’s chest.
Zhou Yuan’s pupils shrank slightly, his body immediately etherealized as he drifted back like mist.
Lu Feng’s punch may have been akin to a sudden and violent storm, but Zhou Yuan was long prepared for it. With the Ethereal Form, he completely avoided all the punch winds.
Boom!
However, there were still punch winds that ignored space and surged towards him. Zhou Yuan immediately opened his mouth and spat out a gush of golden Genesis Qi, blocking these punch winds.
“I’ll teach you today that no matter how fast you can run, you’re ultimately only a rabbit to be hunted!” Lu Feng’s expression was eerily cold. The tip of his foot pushed off the ground, his speed rapidly soaring as he pounced at Zhou Yuan.
Rumble!
Berserk Genesis Qi continuously erupted from his body, falling many giant trees in the vicinity.
Zhou Yuan coldy snorted as he gazed at Lu Feng, who was about to use his full power. Genesis Qi also exploded from the former’s body, golden Genesis Qi dashing out from the top of his head, faintly forming the silhouette of a giant golden python in the air above.
“Lu Feng, you’d better stop!”
However, a sudden rage filled shout suddenly rang out the moment Lu Feng charged forward as a fiery-red whip descended from the sky, viciously flicking towards him.
Pah!
The air cracked under the whip. Lu Feng’s figure paused for a moment, before he drifted backwards.
He raised his head, only to see Gu Hongyi standing on a nearby boulder with a fuming look on her pretty face. Flames burned on the scarlet-red whip in her hand, melting the ground around her.
Gu Hongyi’s voice was fierce and stern. “Lu Feng, if you keep trying such things behind my back, I will not easily let you off even if our families have some ties.”
Lu Feng frowned, and indifferently replied, “Hongyi, it’s just a quarrel between me and him.”
“As a senior disciple, I should teach my junior how to act properly. If I don’t, given junior brother Zhou Yuan’s attitude, he will draw even more trouble to himself in the future.”
However, he shook his head, knowing that there was no longer anything he could do to Zhou Yuan today now that Gu Hongyi was here. The Genesis Qi around the former gradually withdrew as Lu Feng frostily looked towards Zhou Yuan and said in a voice that only the two of them could hear, “Zhou Yuan, she may be able to protect you now, but she can’t protect you forever…”
“Since you’re so unyielding… I’ll make sure to properly play with you. But you must be careful not to be toyed to death by me…”
After the final word, Lu Feng turned around and left.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly as he watched the former leave. A dangerou light flickered within his eyes as he mumbled to himself,
“Lu Feng…”
“I wasn’t joking with you either. If you do decide to stick out your head…”
“I will really step on it.”

