Chapter 102 Besieged City
An army surrounded the city, the black mass of soldiers stretching till the ends of one’s vision. It was a sight that brought with it a crushing pressure.
Of course, the greatest pressure was not from these troops, but the seven thin figures at the front of the army. Powerful Genesis Qi slowly churned within the bodies of these seven individuals and the pressure from them was practically akin to thousands and thousands of men.
Qi Yuan glanced at the sky before his mockery-filled eyes turned towards the city wall as his powerful voice boomed, “Zhou Qing, half a day has passed. Are you ready to open the gates and surrender?”
Zhou Qing’s figure revealed itself on the city wall. His face was expressionless, scarlet-red Genesis Qi rising around his body as he indifferently said, “Want me to surrender to a rebel? Stop dreaming Qi Yuan.”
“Feel free to attack the city. I want to see if you’re really able to swallow my Great Zhou Empire!”
Towards the end, killing intent was already overflowing from Zhou Qing’s voice.
Qi Yuan was unsurprised and responded with a mocking smile, “Zhou Qing ah Zhou Qing, you truly are a stubborn fool. Are you really not going to give any consideration for the citizens in the city?”
“Your loss is already fixed in stone, why must you stubbornly resist and cause casualties for no reason?”
His voice spread across the city, stirring up restlessness within the people. It was a ploy intent on shaking their hearts.
While Qi Yuan spoke, the Genesis Qi of seven Alpha-Origin experts dashed into the sky. Genesis Qi surged and churned, covering the entire horizon as a suffocating pressure pulsed, causing worry to rise in everyone’s hearts.
Zhou Qing naturally understood Qi Yuan’s sinister motive. His eyes immediately turned icy in response as his body suddenly jolted.
Rumble!
Scarlet-red Genesis Qi whizzed out, covering an area spanning approximately a hundred feet, while thunder rumbled and lightning flashed within.
Wei Canglan also moved, golden Genesis Qi pouring out and spreading above him. The Black Venom King let out a helpless sigh as pitch-black Genesis Qi gushed out from his body like a black fog.
The full power auras of three Alpha-Origin experts substantially boosted their presence, but it still appeared rather weak in the face of the opposing seven Alpha-Origin experts.
“Roar!”
At this moment, a deafening roar suddenly resounded. Everyone watched as a giant beast emerged from within the blossoming scarlet light.
Astonishing ferocity spread from the giant beast, shaking the hearts of anyone who felt it.
This giant beast was naturally Tuntun.
At Tuntun’s side, Yaoyao made a grasping motion with her hand and a scroll appeared within it. The scroll tore itself apart and rays of light shot out, coalescing into a thunder cloud in the sky above. Lightning snaked within the cloud as an alarming pressure spread.
“That’s an Alpha-Origin Genesis Beast!”
“And a grade 4 Genesis Rune!”
Tuntun’s and Yaoyao’s appearance immediately gave rise to numerous cries of surprise on the city wall. The faces of the soldiers filled with excitement and surprise as the originally somewhat low morale began to rise.
With the addition of Yaoyao and Tuntun, the Alpha-Origin battle power on Great Zhou’s side had now reached five. Although it was still less than their enemy, the gap was now much smaller.
Qi Yuan stared at Tuntun and Yaoyao as a stern look emerged on his face.
Beside Qi Yuan, the Alpha-Origin expert Zhao Tianlun said with a faint smile, “It seems that Great Zhou has also made some preparations.”
“It’s only the final struggle at death’s door.” Qi Yuan coldly replied. Even if there were five Alpha-Origin on the opponent’s side, the additional two Alpha-Origin experts on their side were enough to tear apart the city gates and lead the troops into Great Zhou City.
The Alpha-Origin expert called Wang Chaotian laughed eerily and said, “This old king of ours is really pitiful indeed. If he were at his peak, even all of us together would not be able to take the advantage against him.”
Another Alpha-Origin expert let out a strange laugh. “When his arm was cut off by king Wu back then, his cultivation fell from the eighth layer to the third layer and has not improved much even till today. It is likely due to being unable to break free from the shadow left by king Wu.”
Qi Yuan said, “King Wu is a true king. Zhou Qing’s resistance is naturally akin to a mantis before a cart, completely out of his depth.”
His icy gaze then turned towards Zhou Qing atop the city walls. “Since you refuse to take the path of life that I gave you, don’t blame me for disregarding our old ties!”
He raised his hand and suddenly swung it downwards, killing intent spilling from his voice, “All troops hear my command, surround the city and attack!”
Dong! Dong!
The loud boom of the battle drums resounded across the area as an endless army began to surge outside the city, splitting up into various groups that began to besiege the city.
Qi Yuan looked towards the other Alpha-Origin experts and said in a low voice, “My associates, Great Zhou City has seven gates. Each of us will lead a portion of the army and attack each gate. Once any gate is broken, the morale of their troops will surely crumble.”
“Sure.”
Zhao Tianlun and the rest nodded in response.
Genesis Qi whizzed out under their feet as they soared into the air, transforming into six flashes of light that rapidly shot towards the other six city gates.
On the other hand, Zhou Qing also immediately gave his orders upon seeing king Qi’s army attack. Figures moved atop the city wall, preparing for battle.
“Qi Yuan and the other six Alpha-Origin experts will each attack one of our city gates. We cannot allow them to breach any of the gates.” Zhou Qing said in low voice. It was not easy for an army to break past the city gates, but if an Alpha-Origin expert was allowed free reign, they were capable of a tremendous amount of destruction.
“Therefore, I’ll have to trouble the four of you.”
Wei Canglan and Yaoyao nodded and quickly moved to the other city gates without speaking. Tuntun also moved to one of the city walls in the distance after a few smacks of its head from Yaoyao.
“Black Venom King, we’ll have to rely on you for the southwest gate.” A smiling Zhou Yuan looked towards the Black Venom King.
“If the city gate falls, you may have to die together with us for Great Zhou today.”
The Black Venom King barely managed to pull off a rigid smile. “Don’t worry your highness, I will do my best to stop them!”
After speaking, he too fled from the spot riding his black Genesis Qi.
Zhou Qing’s expression grew increasingly grave as he watched the three humans and one beast leave. Subsequently, he turned to Zhou Yuan and said, “I will protect the main gate, but there are still two other gates that will be under threat by their Alpha-Origin experts.”
Zhou Yuan consoled with a smile, “Father does not need to worry. I will defend one of the gates, while we dispatch several Heaven Gate experts to the final gate for the time being. They only need to delay the opponent.”
The worry in Zhou Qing’s eyes could not be hidden as he looked towards Zhou Yuan. The former did not know just how Zhou Yuan was going to stop an Alpha-Origin expert with his Qi Nourishing stage strength.
“Yuan’er, don’t force yourself if it really becomes impossible. You are no longer the baby we needed to protect. You will still have the ability to protect yourself even without the Great Zhou Empire. As long as you are alive, reinstating our country will always be a possibility.”
Zhou Qing was clearly advising Zhou Yuan to be prepared to let go if the situation fell apart and prioritise his own safety.
A warm feeling bubbled in Zhou Yuan’s heart as he looked at Zhou Qing’s eyes. Soon after, Zhou Yuan lightly patted the latter’s hand as a bright smile revealed itself on his face.
“Worry not father, Great Zhou City will not be broken!”
As his voice faded, he had already turned around and quickly hurried towards the northern gate. His eyes were cold as they locked onto the black mass of troops surging towards the city like a tide.
Above the troops, an Alpha-Origin expert stood atop his Genesis Qi, arms crossed before him as his mocking gaze looked over.
Zhou Yuan lowered his head and slowly spread out his hands. On his palm, a silver ring began to glow.
With a deep breath, he closed his eyes. When they opened once again, killing intent rapidly surged within them.
“Let’s see just how many lives you have prepared to sacrifice in order to break our city!”

