Chapter 254 Response
“I’m the reason huh…”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly after hearing what they had to say. Lu Feng was clearly doing this on purpose, his aim to make the other continent disciples resent Zhou Yuan. When that happened, he would not only have to face hostility from the Shengzhou disciples but also the criticism of the disciples from the other continents. With unfriendliness from both sides, Zhou Yuan’s situation would not be good.
“There’s already some other continent disciples that have began to complain. They feel that it’s clearly a grudge between only you and Lu Feng, but it has now ended up implicating them…” Qiao Xiu smiled bitterly.
If this continued, Zhou Yuan would become highly criticized.
A mocking look rose from the corners of Zhou Yuan’s mouth as he said, “It’s clearly Lu Feng who started this, what kind of logic is it to throw their complaints to me instead of him?”
Although Lu Feng’s tactics were underhanded, Zhou Yuan felt that the disciples who blamed him were even more stupid.
Shen Wanjin’s mouth pulled outwards as he said, “These guys only know how to bully the weak and fear the strong. They don’t dare to voice their objections to Lu Feng, so they made up another reason to vent their frustrations.”
Lu Feng clearly knew that this would be the outcome, hence why he had acted so outrageously.
After all, the title of the number one individual amongst the outer mountain disciples was a powerful deterrent force. Even though Zhou Yuan had defeated an inner mountain disciple in a Genesis technique match, he was still unable to compare to Lu Feng.
Everyone felt Lu Feng was very likely to become a well known figure of this batch in the Cangxuan Sect, and his future prospects were practically limitless. Hence, they would naturally not dare to offend him.
Qiao Xiu nodded. “However, quite a number of people have complaints against you, while even more are very angry at Lu Feng’s overbearingness but can’t do anything about it.”
“According to these rules of his, the Shengzhou disciples will be occupying eight of the top ten spots, leaving the rest of us to fight for the remaining two. There are so many of us from the other continents, can you imagine how wretched and desperate the situation will be.”
Zhou Yuan counter asked, “On what basis should we listen to him? Does the likes of him have the right to allocate these places?”
The top ten spots of the peak selection ceremony should be contested based on one’s own strength. Who the hell did Lu Feng think he was, and how thick skinned was he to think he could decide on how they should be split?
Qiao Xiu smiled bitterly. “I’ve heard that the peak selection ceremony will be a free-for-all battlem, while the quality of the Shengzhou disciples far surpasses the rest of us. Take the top ten outer mountains disciples for example, a total of seven are from the Shengzhou continent.”
“Hence, when the time comes to vie for the top ten spots of the peak selection ceremony, they will have the upper hand.”
“What’s more, they have Lu Feng, whom no one has been able to come close to. Now that he has even brought together the Shengzhou disciples to decide the allocation of the top ten spots, whoever tries to touch those spots would have to face all of the Shengzhou disciples.”
“In the face of this power, the disciples from the other continents are merely akin to a plate of scattered sand. Who would dare to object? After all, once the other party is provoked, they can easily join hands in the peak selection ceremony to make things difficult. Let alone the top ten, one might be hard pressed to even obtain a decent ranking.”
Zhou Yuan indifferently remarked, “In the end, it depends on whose fist is harder.”
He looked towards Qiao Xiu and Shen Wanjin as he continued, “I do not know whether the others will acknowledge his allocation, but with regards to my ranking, I’m afraid that they don’t have the qualifications.”
“Moreover…”
“I’m not interested in the other spots either, the only thing I want in the peak selection ceremony is first place.”
His tone was ordinary, but the words he spoke stunned Qiao Xiu and Shen Wanjin.
There was no one who did not know that Lu Feng had already declared first place was his. In the face of his overwhelming might, no one dared to have any opinions. Hence, practically everyone felt that Lu Feng taking number one in his batch was already set in stone.
Who could have expected Zhou Yuan to also declare he wanted first place.
As such, would this not mean that he would have to compete with Lu Feng?
Qiao Xiu swallowed, before he said, “Junior brother Zhou Yuan… Lu Feng will not be easy to deal with. I suspect that he has already reached the fourth layer Alpha-Origin.”
Most of the first class disciples were at the third layer, and Lu Feng was likely the only one who had reached the fourth.
Zhou Yuan laughed in a carefree manner. “Whether or not he’s easy to deal with, I’ll find out when we fight.”
He wanted to see how ugly Lu Feng would look when the first place he coveted so much was taken by Zhou Yuan in the peak selection ceremony. When that happened, would Lu Feng finally regret provoking Zhou Yuan?
Lu Feng had repeatedly use various methods to make things difficult. If Zhou Yuan beared with all this without counter attacking, he would not be Zhou Yuan.
Upon hearing this, Qiao Xiu knew that Zhou Yuan had already made his decision. Looks like things were no longer going to be peaceful during the peak selection ceremony. However, Qiao Xiu felt a little apprehensive. Although no one had a good grasp of Zhou Yuan’s abilities, the one he was facing this time was not the likes of Zhu Feng, but Lu Feng, a ruthless individual that was known to stand at the top of all the outer mountain disciples.
“Little Yuan bro, if you're really planning on vieing for first place with Lu Feng, I advise you to cooperate with some of the other continent disciples. They have already been enraged by Lu Feng's overbearingness, and only lack someone to step up and take the lead. If little Yuan bro can get them on your side, you will not have to face the Shengzhou disciples alone." Shen Wanjin suddenly suggested.
Qiao Xiu fell into thought for a while, before he said, "I know some first class disciples that are also unhappy with Lu Feng. They will be a considerable force if you manage to recruit them."
Zhou Yuan fell silent some time. In the end, he nodded. Lu Feng had already gathered a huge group of Shengzhou disciples, an alarming powerful force indeed. Although Zhou Yuan did not feel that numbers meant victory, it was true that going alone would at times be more physically and mentally exhausting.
If he could recruit these other continent disciples to his cause, he would not lose to Lu Feng in presence.
When Qiao Xiu saw Zhou Yuan nod, he continued to speak again, "However, all of them are elites amongst the outer mountain disciples, proud individual that will not easily submit to anyone. Without sufficient strength, it will be very difficult to convince them."
Lu Feng had been able to become the leader of the Shengzhou disciples due to his strength. In contrast, there was no one amongst the other continent disciples like him who could sweep away everyone else with power.
This led to the current situation in the outer mountains. The other continent disciples formed their various groups and factions. Though they may seem to have the advantage due to their superior numbers, they were completely unable to match the Shengzhou disciples.
Qiao Xiu intended to caution Zhou Yuan. After all, the former was worried that Zhou Yuan would be unable to control the situation after recruiting these proud and untamable individuals. If the situation turned into a farce, Zhou Yuan would lose all face.
Who amongst those who could come to the Cangxuan Sect was not a prided genius? Everyone was full of pride, making it an uphill task to make them all voluntarily acknowledge a single person.
At the very least, such a person had never appeared during the past two months.
Zhou Yuan naturally understood this. He softly chuckled and said, "Senior brother Qiao Xiu need not worry. You only need to call them over, and I'll handle the rest."
With these words from Zhou Yuan, there was nothing much for Qiao Xiu to say, and he could only nod.
"We'll depend on junior brother Zhou Yuan's methods when the time comes."

