Chapter 242 Advent of the Match
In the following five days, the Genesis technique match between Zhou Yuan and Zhu Yue had undoubtedly become the focus of the entire outer mountains. It was the most popular topic for a time, drawing the attention of countless disciples.
No one had expected Zhu Yue to counter attack in such a manner.
But it was undoubtedly a very smart move. If it was only a Genesis technique competition, no one could say that Zhu Yue was using his superior might to bully Zhou Yuan.
However, things were not looking good for Zhou Yuan. From what everyone could see, no matter how talented Zhou Yuan was in the Ethereal Form technique, he would not be able to match Zhu Yue, whom had not stopped walking on this path for nearly two years.
After all, someone who could become an inner mountain disciple would not be an easy opponent.
Many of the outer mountain disciples felt that it was such a pity. If Zhou Yuan lost, they would have no choice but to return to Zhu Yue’s place to learn the Ethereal Form technique...
...
A certain little house in the outer mountains.
Dressed entirely in white, Lu Feng was seated inside a stone pavilion as the surrounding Genesis Qi surged over, transforming into white smoke that flowed into his body through his nose.
The sound of rushing wind was heard behind him, causing Lu Feng to open his eyes, only to find a young man in blue robes standing behind him. The youth’s eyes were long and narrow, and seemed to smile all the time. But there was a blade like feeling from his smile that made no one dare to look directly at him.
The young man in blue robes was called Yang Xiu and was also an influential figure amongst the outer mountain disciples. He was ranked third amongst the ten great outer mountain disciples, losing only to Lu Feng and Gu Hongyi.
Yang Xiu grinned and said, “Heh, have you heard? That kid Zhou Yuan is going to compete with Zhu Yue in the Ethereal Form technique.”
Lu Feng’s expression remained indifferent as he said, “Overestimating his abilities.”
Yang Xiu chuckled. “It seems that you have a lot of opinions about him…”
There was only calmness on Lu Feng’s face as he replied, “He does not have the qualifications for me to have any opinions about him. However, he is very cunning. He deliberately approached Hongyi in hopes of making use of her connections.”
“And recently, Hongyi and him have been meeting far too many times.”
Lu Feng’s gaze lowered slightly as iciness flashed in his eyes.
“He truly is not tactful at all. I had warned him after all.” Muttered Lu Feng to himself.
Upon hearing Lu Feng’s words, Yang Xiu grinned and said, “That kid is rather unfortunate to have caught your attention…”
Lu Feng indifferently said, “But it seems that there is no need for me to act. Although Zhu Yue is only a black sash disciple, he has still managed to enter the inner mountains, and even if it is only an Ethereal Form technique match, he should still be able to steamroll that kid.”
“Zhu Yue doesn’t really have much ability. It’s been years, but he’s still only a black sash disciple.” Yang Xiu’s tone was full of contempt towards Zhu Yue.
Lu Feng glanced at the former. “Do not underestimate him. Zhu Yue is very cunning, and has likely concealed his abilities.”
He raised his head and looked towards a certain direction in the outer mountains as iciness and disdain appeared in his eyes.
“When Zhu Yue crushes that arrogant kid, he should learn to be a little more well behaved, right?”
“To think that a peasant prince from some remote continent dares to steal my woman.”
The corners of Lu Feng’s mouth curled as he said to Yang Xiu, “When the date of the match arrives, we’ll also go watch the entertainment.”
...
For the next few days, the training sessions by the creek was not put on hold. Zhou Yuan still continued to help everyone unblock their apertures. The only difference was that he was spending the majority of his time immersed in his own training.
By the creek, the numeros disciples often looked towards Zhou Yuan with complicated expressions.
They could sense that Zhou Yuan seemed to be trying his best to make every last second count. However, when this scene fell in their eyes, it undoubtedly made them feel that Zhou Yuan was not confident.
Hence, they could only lament continuously inside. After all, the progress while training here was just too delightful.
The thought that they would lose it all in a few days only made them more depressed.
After another training session ended, the numerous disciples slowly dispersed, while Gu Hongyi walked to Zhou Yuan’s side and said, “Hey, you’ve not been looking too good these past two days.”
She could also sense that Zhou Yuan had become much more silent during the past two days, his entire being seemingly tensed up as if feeling an immense pressure from Zhu Yue.
Zhou Yuan slowly opened his eyes and smiled somewhat helplessly. “Zhu Yue has such a huge head start on my in the Ethereal Form technique, of course I have to speed up my training.”
“A hasty last-minute effort…” Gu Hongyi’s red lips curled downwards. She hesitated for a moment, before she said in a low voice, “How about I help out. I can find someone to transfer Zhu Yue back to the inner mountains.”
Her old ancestor was the master of the Hongya Peak, someone with extremely high status. As long as he were to open his mouth, transferring an inner mountain disciple would not be difficult.
Zhou Yuan was somewhat surprised as he glanced at Gu Hongyi, unable to stop himself from grinning as he said, “Don’t you hate those who go through the back door the most?”
He recalled that at the very beginning, Gu Hongyi had been exceedingly unfond of him, because she had been under the impression that he had relied on his relations to become a first class disciple.
Now, this same prideful Gu Hongyi was actually willing to help him pull strings. This was something that Zhou Yuan was extremely surprised by.
Gu Hongyi’s pretty face involuntarily blushed when she heard this. Soon after, she glared daggers at Zhou Yuan as she said, “I’m only doing this out of consideration for the numerous outer mountain disciples who are learning the Ethereal Form technique. Since you have the capability, you are naturally the most suitable person for this role. Why should you be replaced?”
“Furthermore, you’ve promised to help me reach the second level of the Ethereal Form technique. If the right to teach is stripped from you, what will I do?!”
Zhou Yuan began to laugh, his opinion towards Gu Hongyi growing a little more favorable. However, he waved his hand and said, “Thank you for your good intentions, but it will be best for me to resolve this matter myself.”
If her were to rely on Gu Hongyi’s connections, it would surely affect her reputation once word of it spread.
A mere Zhu Yue did not have the qualifications to force him to rely on a girl’s connections.
Gu Hongyi softly snorted. “I’ll see how long you can continue to be stubborn.”
Though her mouth said so, she gave a tiny sigh of relief in her heart. Though she could empathize if Zhou Yuan had agreed, she would likely also be disappointed.
The young man before her may seem quite kind and good looking when he smiled, but the pride inside his bones did not lose to anyone else.
“Then you’d better train hard. I do want to see how far you can push the Ethereal Form technique during these few days…”
With a twist of her tiny waist, Gu Hongyi turned around, her red figure akin to an escaping bundle of fire.
...
Five days gradually passed under the expectant gazes of the many outer mountain disciples.
On the morning of the fifth day, a ray of sunlight broke through the thick layers of clouds, shining on the unbroken mountain range. The outer mountains that had been silent for a night suddenly began to burst into activity and noise at this moment.
Countless figures rose into the sky on their Genesis Qi, heading towards a certain giant mountain.
Before one of the houses, a fully dressed Zhu Yue walked out the door, where Zhu Feng was already waiting.
Zhu Feng looked towards Zhu Yue, who was in glowing spirits, and said, “Elder brother, we’ll finally be able to resolve all of our grievances today.”
Zhu Yue’s expression remained unchanged, his eyes narrowing slightly as he gazed towards a certain creek in the outer mountains. In the end, a sneer of contempt appeared from the corners of his mouth as he rose into the sky with a stomp.
“Let’s go. After today, I’ll make it such that Zhou Yuan will no longer dare to utter the three words Ethereal Form technique!”

