Chapter 211 Shen Wanjin
Time swiftly flowed as they traveled, and month unknowingly passed.
On a certain day.
In one of the holding quarters of the ship, Zhou Yuan’s shut eyes suddenly opened, breaking him out of his cultivation state. He had suddenly sensed some strange activity in the surrounding Genesis Qi which seemed to be stirring violently.
At the same time, numerous cheers could be heard outside the room.
Zhou Yuan opened the windows and looked outside. The thick layers of clouds were being torn apart as an extremely distant land began to appear.
His heart trembled slightly when his gaze fell upon it. He could sense an extremely concentrated and boundless natural Genesis Qi filling the sky above the land.
Its concentration level far surpassed that of any continent Zhou Yuan had visited before.
In addition, the Genesis Qi seemed to slip between various forms and shapes, giving off a spontaneously unique feeling, as if it was a blessing and right belonging only to them.
Zhou Yuan seemed to realise something as he mumbled to himself, "Is… this the Shengzhou Continent that enjoys 60% of the entire Cangxuan Heaven's blessings?"
It was indeed vast and practically limitless.
In a place like this, even if two people had similar talent, the one who trained here would achieve far more than the one in any other continent.
In a certain sense, the entire Shengzhou Continent was basically an indescribably enormous cultivation paradise…
"No wonder teacher uncle Mu told us the geniuses here would be exceedingly arrogant. If you grew up here, geniuses from other continents would indeed look like country bumpkins." Zhou Yuan sighed deeply.
*Knock knock*!
While Zhou Yuan was sighing, the sound of knocking was heard from the door.
Zhou Yuan called out to come in, and the door quickly opened, revealing a round face that smiled charmingly at Zhou Yuan. "Little Yuan bro, teacher uncle Mu told us to get ready. Once we reach the Shengzhou Continent, we'll be leaving the boat and heading towards the Cangxuan Sect."
The one at the door was a little fatty. Though a smile was usually present on his face, light often flickered brightly in his small eyes, an indication of his exceptional brilliance.
The little fatty was called Shen Wanjin, and was also one of the geniuses from the Cangmang Continent. His Shen clan was an overlord of its own domain, equipped with wealth that could match entire empires.
Of course, this did not mean the little fatty was weak, or he would not have been selected by Mu Wuji.
Ever since Mu Wuji's warning, the Cangmang geniuses had understood that their previous status in their homeland would no longer be valid in the Shengzhou Continent, making them extremely ordinary instead.
In fact, they may not even be able to become formal disciples of the Cangxuan Sect.
The cruel reality was a wake up call for everyone. Most of them began to train frantically, hoping to at least raise their strength a little before reaching the Cangxuan Sect, so as to avoid becoming a third class disciple and be looked down upon by others.
On the other hand, this little fatty, Shen Wanjin, had chosen the most direct and efficient method; relying on Zhou Yuan… the little fatty had practically become Zhou Yuan's servant during this period, obediently abiding his every command.
With regards to this, Zhou Yuan did not know whether to laugh or cry. However, he was pretty surprised by Shen Wanjin's decisiveness to give everything up just like that. Although he was nothing special to look at, he was clearly still very talented…
Hence, after trying to dissuade him several times to no avail, Zhou Yuan could no longer be bothered, letting the former do as he wanted.
After spending some time together over this period, Zhou Yuan found that Shen Wanjin was actually pretty straight forward. There was no beating about the bush, but instead a direct declaration; big bro, I’m here to grab ahold of you with all my might. I’m yours from now onwards so please do shelter me.
Towards someone with such a thick skin, there was nothing Zhou Yuan could do but laugh bitterly.
"Alright."
Zhou Yuan smiled and nodded. After tidying up abit, he walked out of the door, heading towards the bow of the ship with Shen Wanjin.
As they walked, Zhou Yuan swept a glance at Shen Wanjin and said with a smile, "I say, you're the young master of the Shen clan after all, and your clan is nothing but stronger than my Great Zhou Empire. Why is there a need for this?"
If this was the Cangmang Continent, Shen Wanjin would already outclassed him in both status and background.
Shen Wanjin beamed in response. "Little Yuan bro, do you know what my Shen clan places the most emphasis on? Two words… good judgement!”
“My clan is fond of making friends, regardless of whether they are strong or weak. That’s why my clan has the most friends in the Cangmang Continent. As for how to choose those worthy of investing in from amongst these friends, it would depend on one’s judgement ability.”
“I may be mediocre in every other aspect, but I’m confident in my ability to judge. From what I can see, you’ll definitely become akin to a fish in water inside the Cangxuan Sect in the future. So I’m choosing to help you now and create some good karma. Who knows, you may become my most successful investment in the future.”
Said Shen Wanjin in a pleased manner as he rubbed his fat belly.
“As for myself, Although my cultivation talent is not as good as yours, I do know a thing or two about business and making money. Little Yuan bro, you only need to be my backer, while I earn the cash, and then we’ll split the profits. Won’t this be a happy cooperation?”
Upon seeing that he had even written the entire story in his head, Zhou Yuan could only smile and sigh. What a talent...
However, Zhou Yuan had to admit that he was a little moved by this proposal. He clearly understood just how important cultivation resources were, and most of the time, one needed to use Genesis crystals to purchase them.
Now that he had already left the Cangmang Continent, he would have to rely on himself. It was true that he did not know much about how to make money from money, every bit of Genesis crystals he used would only deplete his supply. If Shen Wanjin was able to help him earn money to purchase cultivation resources, it would be a pretty good collaboration.
While the two talked, they soon arrived at the head of the ship, only to find Mu Wuji seated at the very front, while Yaoyao, Xiao Tianxuan and the rest had already arrived.
Upon seeing Zhou Yuan walk over, the other geniuses cast friendly gazes towards him. They knew that he would definitely become a first class disciple due to that token of his, making his status higher than their own. Hence, they needed to create good relations with him as soon as possible.
However, they were evidently unable to be as straightforward as Shen Wanjin, instead still holding on to some of the aloofness from before.
Zhou Yuan did not display any happiness in response to their friendly gazes, his expression calm and cool from start to end as he replied everyone with a faint smile. In the end, he walked to Yaoyao’s side.
“Big sis Yaoyao!”  Shen Wanjin seemed to bow and scrape in an exaggerated manner.
Yaoyao glanced at him and gave a faint nod.
Besides blindly following Zhou Yuan over this period of time, Shen Wanjin has also engaged his ‘favorable impression’ attack on Yaoyao. His strategy, attack through her likes.
And what did Yaoyao like? It was naturally high quality alcohol.
Hence, after gifting many rare liquors to her without any regard to cost, Yaoyao finally had a slight impression of this little fatty. If not, given her character, there would likely be no one else here she would nod her head to with the exception of Zhou Yuan.
At the head of the boat, Mu Wuji took a puff of his pipe after seeing that everyone was here, before he unhurriedly said, “In half a day, we will reach the Shengzhou Continent.”
“When that happens, you guys will leave the boat with me and head for the Cangxuan Sect.”
Everyone nodded with solemn expressions.
After speaking , Mu Wuji closed his eyes to rest, while the others seated themselves in silence. Half a day passed, and a tremor was suddenly felt. They had finally entered the Shengzhou Continent.
Mu Wuji stood up and gave his pipe a shake, causing green smoke to rise. The smoke transformed into a several dozen feet wide cloud that floated outside the boat.
“Let’s go.”
Mu Wuji moved, appearing on the green cloud.
Zhou Yuan, Yaoyao and the rest also got onto the cloud one after another.
As he stood atop the green cloud, Zhou Yuan lifted his head and gazed at the giant boat, where several figures were looking towards them from the side of the boat. It was Luluo, Zuoqiu Qingyu, Li Chunjun and the rest.
“Zhou Yuan, Yaoyao, take care!” Luluo waved her small hands.
Zuoqiu Qingyu laughed enchantingly, before she smiled and said, “Zhou Yuan, I’ll be waiting for the day your name resounds across the Shengzhou Continent.”
Zhou Yuan cupped his fists together at them and grinned, his eyes lowering slightly as he softly said, “Everyone, let’s work hard together.”
With a deep breath, he turned around and sat down, giving a little wave with his hand towards the back.
Mu Wuji gave his pipe a tap and the green cloud ferrying everyone shot forth, disappearing into the horizon in a mere few breaths.
On the cloud, Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly, anticipation and excitement surging out within them.
"Cangxuan Sect…"
“I really look forward to it…”

