Chapter 106 Zhou Yuan Slays an Alpha-Origin
Zhou Yuan’s eyes were brimming with killing intent as he gripped the Heavenly Yuan Brush. Its snow-white tip flickered sharply as he pointed it at Wang Chaotian. Wang Chaotian felt Zhou Yuan’s killing intent and coldly snorted. “Arrogant brat, I was merely stalling for time earlier. Since you wish to rush to your death, I will naturally oblige!” His hand grasped a long halberd the moment his words faded. Mystical patterns covered the halberd as Genesis Qi pulsed from it. It was evidently a Black Genesis Weapon. With this halberd in hand, Wang Chaotian’s aura rose sharply, becoming formidable without equal. However, Zhou Yuan was unmoved. The silver armor that covered his body made it such that no one could see the expression on his face. The only thing that could be seen were his eyes, eyes that were growing increasingly cold. Dark gold Genesis Qi whizzed around his body, a faint roar echoing from within. Swish! In the next instant, Zhou Yuan’s body dashed forward, the Heavenly Yuan Brush leaving a scar behind as it pierced through the air. Quick as lightning, it thrust towards Wang Chaotian as dark gold Genesis Qi shook the surrounding air. Wang Chaotian icily snorted. Genesis Qi condensed around the halberd in his hand as it met the incoming Heavenly Yuan Brush head-on. Clang clang! Brush and halberd clashed, sparks flying as a shockwave that could be seen with the naked eye unfurled from the epicenter. In a short span of several breaths, the two had already exchanged over a dozen blows, every attack ruthlessly aimed at the other’s fatal spots. However, Wang Chaotian’s expression grew increasingly dark as the intense battle continued. He had began to realise that he was still unable to take the upper hand even with his full power. “Just what exactly is this blasted silver armor?! How can it allow a Qi Nourishing kid to match an Alpha-Origin?” Wang Chaotian’s heart was churning with rage. Clang! Brush and halberd clashed yet again. Suddenly, silver light flashed in Zhou Yuan’s eyes as a deep green aura gathered at the tip of the Heavenly Yuan Brush. The aura was half a foot long and seemed to shred the air as it pulsed. This deep green aura was the Auraflare technique! With the amplification powers of the silver armor, the Auraflare technique had now taken on a deep green hue and was even more concentrated, allowing it to pierce numerous defensive layers. With a shake, the half foot long deep green aura was sent flying from the tip of the brush, transforming into a flash of cyan light as it shot towards Wang Chaotian at an alarming speed. All of Wang Chaotian’s hairs stood at this moment, his eyes flashing as he gasped, “Auraflare technique?!” It was only natural that he recognized it. The Auraflare technique had been given to Qi Yuan by the Great Wu Empire, but why had it appeared in Zhou Yuan’s hands? Wang Chaotian did not dare to be even the slightest bit slow, because he very clearly understood the destructive power of the Auraflare technique. It would easily drill a hole in even someone like himself if he was hit. “Black Genesis technique, Cyan Dipper Hurricane!” The halberd in Wang Chaotian’s hand suddenly began to twirl like a cyan halo. Genesis Qi swirled, making it seem as if a cyan tornado of Qi was being created. Anything that entered would be shredded to pieces. Pch! The deep green Qi shot into the cyan halo. Bang! Berserk energies pulsed outwards as the cyan tornado gradually dissipated, while the halberd returned to Wang Chaotian. However, his expression now had become exceptionally dark. A bloody wound had appeared on his chest, clearly left behind by the Auraflare technique. Though it was not a serious injury, it made him feel as if he had lost all face. His expression was twisted as he looked Zhou Yuan and said in a hair-raising voice, “I never imagined that I would actually be pushed so far by a Qi Nourishing brat.” The halberd in Wang Chaotian’s hand slammed into the ground, causing the surrounding air to ripple as a shockwave that could be seen with the naked eye unfurled. “However, it is time for all this to come to an end!” The moment these words left his mouth, cyan Genesis Qi suddenly surged out from inside Wang Chaotian’s body like a storm of cyan as an extremely strong pressure blanketed the area. Cyan Genesis Qi frantically pulled the surrounding Genesis Qi towards Wang Chaotian’s feet, forming a hundred feet tall cyan tornado. The cyan tornado roared like a cyan dragon, terrifying energies churning within. Wang Chaotian stood atop the cyan tornado like a god of death, wielding ultimate power over life and death. Anyone could tell that this Alpha-Origin expert was no longer playing around. Zhou Qing’s and Qi Yuan’s battle raged atop the main city wall, their powerful Genesis Qi causing even the ground to shake. “Zhou Qing, that treasured son of yours seems to have angered Wang Chaotian. Looks like your family line will be cut off today!” Qi Yuan swept a glance towards a certain area in the distance as he grinned in a hair-raising manner, “I should tell you that Wang Chaotian once killed an Alpha-Origin opponent with this technique.” Zhou Qing’s expression sunk slightly. He too could sense how powerful Wang Chaotian’s technique was, but he could not afford to be distracted at this juncture. The only thing he could do was to trust that Zhou Yuan had a way to defend himself. Huu huu! Gales screamed across the area as the cyan tornado released a devastating howl akin to a raging dragon. The berserk power within was more than sufficient to sunder mountains. Wang Chaotian’s clothes fluttered around him, his frosty gaze fixed on Zhou Yuan. A second later, we waved his sleeve as an eerie voice rang out, “Cyan Wind Heavenly Dipper Qi, Great Cyan Tornado!” Rumble! The cyan tornado ferociously descended, spinning at high speed while as swift as thunder, making it practically unavoidable. If sucked in, even an Alpha-Origin expert would likely be torn to pieces. As the cyan tornado was reflected in Zhou Yuan’s eyes, he could feel just how tyrannical this killing move of Wang Chaotian’s was. The latter was clearly out of patience and intended to end the battle with this move. “It just so happens that I’m of the same opinion.” Zhou Yuan seemed to mumbled to himself. Quickly after, his foot suddenly stomped on the ground as dark gold Genesis Qi poured out from the top of his head. Genesis Qi loomed in the sky like a golden cloud as hissing echoed from within. “I’ll let you be the first to have a taste of my Omni Python Qi…” An icy glint surged within Zhou Yuan’s eyes. With a jerk of his sleeve, dark gold Genesis Qi frantically began to gather. Gold light blossomed a moment later as a giant dark gold python flew out from the dark gold Genesis Qi. The giant python seemed to flicker between illusion and reality. “Omni Python Qi, Python Swallows the Heavens!” The giant dark gold python roared and opened its mouth. The python’s mouth seemed to possess the power of devouring, darkness descending upon the entire sky for a moment as the devastating cyan tornado was swallowed with a single gulp. “Giving form to Genesis Qi?!” Wang Chaotian cried out in horror when he saw the giant dark gold python that had formed from Genesis Qi. To give a form to Genesis Qi was impossible for ordinary grade Genesis Qi! Even ordinary grade 5 Genesis Qi would not be able to easily accomplish this feat! After swallowing the cyan tornado, the giant python’s eyes turned towards Wang Chaotian. Its giant maw opened once again, suction force spewing out and a horrified Wang Chaotian was gobbled up in a single gulp. Bang! Bang! Berserk Genesis Qi undulations began to emerge inside the python’s body as its body cycled between expanding and shrinking… Plop! The python suddenly opened its mouth and spat out a bundle of cyan light. Within the cyan light was Wang Chaotian. However, his complexion was now deathly pale, while the Genesis Qi around him pulsed weakly as if about to be extinguished. When he was swallowed into the giant dark gold python’s body earlier, Wang Chaotian had been appalled to discover that the Genessi Qi in his body had began rapidly dispersing. In the short span of a few breaths, almost all of his Genesis Qi had been drained away. If he had not desperately tried to escape, all of his Genesis Qi would have been devoured by the python. “This brat is too strange, I cannot clash head-on against him any further. I only need to delay him!” Wang Chaotian was deathly pale, and there was no longer any trace of the ferocity from before. After numerous exchanges, he had finally realised how difficult it was to deal with Zhou Yuan in his current state. Zhou Yuan stood in the air, his cold eyes locking onto Wang Chaotian from under the silver armor. As if sensing the latter’s plan, a look of mockery flitted across the former’s eyes, eyes that were now akin to those looking at a dead person. Under Zhou Yuan’s gaze, a feeling of unease suddenly rose within Wang Chaotian. It was at this moment that his expression abruptly changed, he had discovered that blood-red lines had appeared on his hands, violently wriggling under his skin. “What is this?!” Wang Chaotian’s expression was a mix of terror and despair as he hurriedly circulated his Genesis Qi in an attempt to expel the blood-red lines. However, a frightening suction force suddenly exploded from the blood-red lines the moment he began circulating his Genesis Qi. Wang Chaotian’s body began to shrink, the flesh on his body rapidly withering at an alarming speed. Even the Genesis Qi inside his body was being eaten. “ARGHH!” A scream of horror escaped from Wang Chaotian’s mouth. However, his miserable cries were useless. A short dozen breaths later, Wang Chaotians body rapidly withered at a speed which could be seen with the naked eye. Only then did his shrieking come to an end. Wang Chaotian’s life force had been depleted, terror still lingering on his dried-up face. Plop! His body suddenly exploded, a dozen thick blood-red threads swirling in the aftermath. A strong aura of resentment faintly pulsed from the threads. It was the Dragon’s Resentment Poison! Zhou Yuan’s Omni Python Qi also contained the Dragon’s Resentment Poison. Although Wang Chaotian had eventually managed to struggle free from the giant dark gold python earlier, he had already been infected by the Dragon’s Resentment Poison inside the python’s body. With the amplification power of Silver Shadow, not only had Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi been strengthened, even the Dragon’s Resentment Poison within it had likewise been boosted. As such, Wang Chaotian’s death was unavoidable after being infected. Zhou Yuan fell into thought for a while as he gazed at the dozen blood-red threads. Subsequently, he snapped his fingers and the threads gradually dissipated. Thus, there was no longer any trace of the Alpha-Origin expert known as Wang Chaotian… Below their battlefield atop the city walls, countless people were flabbergasted as they watched this scene. No one had expected that Wang Chaotian would die in such a miserable manner moments after unleashing his trump card. “Prince Zhou Yuan! Prince Zhou Yuan!” After a brief silence, earth-shaking cheers suddenly erupted from the city walls as the morale of the Great Zhou soldiers soared to the peak. In contrast, the troops on Great Qi’s side began to fall into chaos. The Alpha-Origin experts on both sides were stunned, their eyes filled with both shock and horror. How could they have ever imagined that the first two battles that came to an end would be the most impossible two gates... At this current time, two Alpha-Origin experts had already fallen on Great Qi’s side. The scales of victory had begun to tip in Great Zhou’s favor.

