Chapter 181 Each with One’s Own Method
On the giant stone steps, Zhou Yuan’s expression was pretty ugly, his brows tightly furrowed.
“Although Yaoyao has no Genesis Qi, it’s impossible for her to have been blown away immediately!” Zhou Yuan’s eyes flickered in thought. Yaoyao’s methods were akin to a bottomless pit, there was no way that she would have been pushed out so easily.
But if Yaoyao had been able to resist, why was her figure suddenly missing from the stone steps?
“What the hell is going on?” Zhou Yuan tightly clenched his jaw. Yaoyao was clearly carrying numerous secrets, many of which he was unable to know. However, he still wanted to do his best to protect her.
It was his promise to master Cang Yuan.
And yet, Yaoyao had fallen into danger time and time again, a fact that Zhou Yuan undoubtedly blamed himself for.
While Zhou Yuan was distracted, cracks gradually appeared on the tortoise shell, a sign that it was about to reach its limit.
The terrifying force continued to flood towards him, pushing Zhou Yuan’s body back step by step.
In the short span of a dozen breaths, Zhou Yuan had been pushed to the back of the group, almost about to be swept off the stone stairs.
Luluo sharp eyes spotted this and hurriedly cried out to warn him, “Zhou Yuan, don’t be distracted!”
Zuoqiu Qingyu, whom had been pushed towards another direction by the green flood, also spoke up in a chiding manner, “Don’t worry, Yaoyao will be fine. You should know her capabilities.”
Zhou Yuan took in a deep breath and nodded. If Yaoyao was only swept out of the tower, it was still okay, because she would at least be fine. But if it was some other scenario, he had a hunch that he needed to conquer the Saint mountain to find out what happened to her.
Dark gold Genesis Qi slowly rose from Zhou Yuan’s body as his sliding feet slowly came to a stop.
He raised his head and looked to his front. The three dozen or so geniuses that had entered the tower had already been split into several distinct groups by the first wave of green.
At the very front was naturally Wu Huang, Ye Ming, Li Chunjun and the rest...
Wu Huang was the first. Scarlet-red Genesis Qi ferociously exploded from his body, the powerful Genesis Qi stopping even the pouring green flood for a brief moment..
Wu Huang extended a hand as scarlet-red Genesis Qi gathered on his palm. It eventually took the shape of a foot wide glowing scarlet-red ball, extremely astonishing Genesis Qi ripples concentrated within it.
Scorching heat pulsed, burning even the surrounding air.
When the green flood battered against the scarlet-red ball, sizzling noises could be heard as the former was swiftly evaporated.
Wu Huang held up the scarlet-red ball, feet steady as he walked forward, climbing up step by step.
While he advanced, he glanced towards the back of the pack at Zhou Yuan as contempt appeared from the corners of his mouth. The gap between the two of them was clearly beginning to show.
He paid no further attention to the latter, and concentrated on climbing the stone steps.
Vortexes seemed to swirl within Ye Ming’s black pupils. He reached out both hands to the front as black Genesis Qi transformed into swirling vortexes on his palm.
The green flood automatically parted when it encountered the black vortexes as if being pushed aside, leaving a gap for Ye Ming to advance.
When he did this however, black blood began to flow from the corners of his eyes.
Swish!
Li Chunjun gripped his black greatsword and swung downwards. Formidable sword aura swept forth, slicing open a half foot long crack in the green flood. Li Chunjun advanced in this manner, swing, step, swing, step.
“Haha, this is great!”
Ning Zhan heartily laughed at the sky. Vigorous Genesis Qi rose from his body as it suddenly swelled a size bigger, making him look even more like a human shaped ape. His method was the most barbaric, his strong body withstanding the force of the flood as he walked up the stone steps.
The four of them were at the very front, undoubtedly displaying their overwhelming strength.
The numerous geniuses behind involuntarily licked their lips in secret as they gazed upon the backs of these four individuals.
“Heh, we can’t let them steal all our thunder!”
“I’m going to show my skills too!”
Luluo giggled when she saw this. Her small face soon turned serious. With a shake of a flash of blue light flew out and landed on her shoulder. It was Little Frost, the ice bird that had the ice phoenix bloodline.
Likely due to the connection it had to Luluo, Little Frost had not been expelled from the light pillar when it descended like Tuntun.
Luluo opened her mouth as icy Genesis Qi was blown out. The ice bird also opened its sharp beak at the same time, spitting out a bundle of icy Genesis Qi.
The two Genesis Qi weaved together and landed on the green flood in front of them. A patch of the flood immediately froze, transforming into ice that extended dozens of feet. Luluo’s toes pushed off the ground as she leaped forward.
“Hey Zhou Yuan, I’m going too. You can only depend on yourself now. Whether or not you catch up will hinge on your ability.”
Zuoqiu Qingyu looked towards Zhou Yuan, a mischievous smile revealing itself on her alluring face. “Since Yaoyao is not around, if you’re able to catch up to me, I may consider letting you be one of the candidates.”
“Candidate? What candidate?” Zhou Yuan was taken aback.
Zuoqiu Qingyu let out a tinkling laugh, but did not answer. Her slender body twisted as she dashed straight into the green flood, like a swimming black carp as she climbed upwards.
“Zhou Yuan, although I am indebted to you, I cannot give way to you here. I’ll be going ahead first. I hope that you’ll soon catch up.” Zhen Xu’s raspy voice sounded.
Gray Genesis Qi spiralled around his body. His hands came together as the Genesis Qi between his palms seem to transform into a skull.
The skull opened its mouth, and began to suck in the green flood while Zhen Xu took this opportunity to dash forward.
All three were apex level geniuses. Now that they decided to use their full power, their speeds immediately soared, beginning to catch up to the first group of Wu Huang and the rest.
Behind them were the many second tier geniuses such as Xiao Tianxuan and Gu Ling.
Xiao Tianxuan’s coldly glanced at Zhou Yuan, who was all the way behind, as a sneer appeared from the corners of his lips. Gu Ling’s eyes also contained hints of mockery.
“Humph, you can only rely on the power of your own Genesis Qi in order to advance through this flood. Zhou Yuan’s battle power may be decent, but he is after all only at the Heaven Gate stage. The fact that his foundations cannot compare to our own has now been shown…”
They naturally did not know that Zhou Yuan was distracted by Yaoyao’s disappearance, believing instead that his Genesis Qi reserves were waning, hence causing him to be forced back. Xiao Tianxuan and Gu Ling exchanged a look, seeing the joy in each other’s eyes.
So what if his battle power was overwhelming. If he could not pass this stage, all of Zhou Yuan’s previous efforts would be wasted.
Phew.
Zhou Yuan took in a deep breath, suppressing the worry in his heart. He was not an indecisive person and knew that worrying now was useless anyways.
The most important thing now was to first ascend the Saint mountain.
His gaze peered past the green flood, looking towards the front where Wu Huang’s figure continued to climb as an icy light surged in his eyes.
“Since that is so…”
His body lowered slightly, like a panther that was about to pounce on its prey.
“Let’s have a good competition!”
“To see who will reach the peak first!”
Dark gold Genesis Qi abruptly exploded from Zhou Yuan’s body like an erupting volcano at this moment.

