Chapter 267 The Ceremony Begins
The instant sect master Qing Yang’s words left his mouth, boiling battle intent exploded from the countless outer mountain disciples as burning gaze after gaze looked towards the pyramid made from 9999 stone platforms...
Theses platforms represented the number of people that could become inner mountain disciples, meaning there were only 9999 spots.
In comparison, there were several tens of thousands of outer mountain disciples. In other words, the majority would ultimately be eliminated. It was definitely going to be a highly intense struggle.
To occupy a platform and take a spot for yourself, you would need to experience difficult battle after battle. Only then would the other competitors be too intimidated to challenge you.
The gazes of countless disciples met, sparks flying.
Rumble!
Genesis Qi suddenly erupted. It was as if a fuse was lit, tearing apart the deadlock as countless disciples began to shoot forward a split second later. They swarmed into the sky like locusts, flying towards the many stone platforms floating in the air.
It was indeed a spectacular sight.
“Go! Today will be the day we show our might!”
Lu Feng let out an icy laugh as his cold gaze swept towards the nearby Zhou Yuan. With a wave of his sleeve, vigorous Genesis Qi erupted, and Lu Feng took the lead to dash into the sky.
Behind him, Yang Xiu, Qin Zhen and other powerful Shengzhou disciples also shot forth, closely following behind. Their menacing aura made it such that no one dared to obstruct them.
“Everyone, let’s go too!”
Zhou Yuan took in a deep breath as he gazed upon the sky full of glowing figures, burning battle intent rising from the depths of his eyes.
Zhao Kun, Song Wanxi, Qiao Xiu and the rest heavily nodded with equally excited gazes.
After three months of bitter training, it was finally time for them to show their worth.
Rumble!
With a surge of Genesis Qi, their figures also shot forth, the dozen gathered figures also pretty eye-catching.
In a short span of a dozen breaths, numerous figures landed on the lowest stone platforms. However, with the exception of a tiny handful, most did not linger for even a second, instead using the platform as a foothold to propel their bodies forward again, heading towards the higher platforms.
Everyone knew that the higher the platform, the better one would be able to show one’s abilities. The rankings would also be different, enabling one to receive better treatment in the future.
Hence, everyone wanted to climb as high as they could instead of dwelling at the bottom of the pyramid.
Of course, not everyone had the courage. Disciples that were satisfied as long as they could become an inner mountain disciple stayed behind, standing at the center of the stone platforms, indicating their determination to vie for it.
Anyone that was also interested in competing would step onto the same stone platform and begin the fight to decide who would ultimately have the right to occupy it.
Hence, in a short few minutes, bouts of berserk Genesis Qi were already exploding on many stone platforms, the figures within engaged in battle.
The world around them was filled by the sounds of Genesis Qi clashing.
On the Genesis Qi clouds high above, numerous gazes were cast down, watching the Genesis Qi clashes on the stone platforms.
Sect master Qing Yang gazed at the five individuals around him as he smiled  and said, “I wonder who will end up as the champion.”
On his left, the youthful looking Sword Cometh Peak master, Ling Jun, whose face gave off a healthy jade like glow, let out a gentle chuckle as he said, "I've heard that the Lu clan's Lu Feng has been recognized as the head of the ten great outer mountain disciples. If nothing unexpected happens, he should be the greatest contender for first place."
On sect master Qing Yang's left, the Snow Lotus Peak master Liu Lianyi's long and narrow phoenix eyes swept over as she said with an implicative tone, "I've heard Lu Feng has already received much attention from peak master Ling Jun. I believe he will likely join the Sword Cometh Peak after the ceremony, right? The Sword Cometh Peak has managed to snatch quite a number of excellent seedlings over the years."
Sect master Ling Jun smiled slightly. "My Sword Cometh Peak has relatively weaker foundations after all, giving me no choice but to recruit more disciples. We're still far from being able to match the Cangxuan Peak."
Sect master Qing Yang smiled and said, "The Sword Cometh Peak's current accomplishments cannot be separated from peak master Ling Jun's efforts."
"The Cangxuan Sect is teacher's life blood after all. I naturally want to do my part." Said peak master Ling Jun with a smile.
Upon hearing these words, sect master Qing Yang continued to smile faintly, while the Snow Lotus Peak master Liu Lianyi's eyes narrowed slightly without anyone's notice.
It this moment, a figure suddenly stepped forward from behind sect master Qing Yang and respectfully reported, "Sect master, though it is true that Lu Feng's chances are great, there is someone that should be able to compete with him."
If one looked over, one would discover that the person who had spoken was the one who had brought Zhou Yuan to the Cangxuan Sect, Mu Wuji.
"Oh?" Sect master Qing Yang chuckled upon hearing this. "Is it the one from the Hongya Peak master's clan?"
Upon hearing sect master Qing Yang's words, the Hongya Peak master Gu Tianhong’s lips cracked open as he laughed, before he said in a booming voice, “That little lass is quite talented, but she is still lacking a little compared to Lu Feng. If they fought, her chances at winning will not be high.”
Mu Wuji also chuckled and said, “Gu Hongyi’s does have astonishing talent. If given more time, no one would be her match in the peak selection ceremony. However, the one I’m referring to is not her, but… a little fellow called Zhou Yuan.”
He pointed towards a certain spot below as the hegemons gazes followed. They saw Zhou Yuan leading a group of disciples as they climbed to higher platforms.
A short distance ahead, was Lu Feng and gang.
One look was all it took. Anyone could see that these two groups were the elites amongst this batch of outer mountain disciples.
“This little one only has the strength of the first layer Alpha-Origin. How did he make so many people submit to him?” Snow Lotus Peak master Liu Lianyi’s tone was one of interest.
“His Spirit is not weak and should have reached the Corporeal stage. No wonder.”
However, she soon sensed the strength of Zhou Yuan’s Spirit.
The white brow elder also looked down, a trace of interest appearing on his seemingly miserable looking face. “His Spirit talent is not bad, he should be pretty decent in Genesis Runes.”
Mu Wuji said, “Zhou Yuan comes from the Cangmang Continent, where he distinguished himself in the Saint Remains Domain and obtained the patriarch’s Saint blood baptism.”
These words immediately caused the eyes of the six hegemons to widen a little. Soon after, all of them fell silent.
Sect master Qing Yang slowly said, “Teacher’s body split into many parts when he died, falling onto various locations in Cangxuan Heaven to form numerous Saint Remains Domain. However, only a small handful have managed to obtain his Saint blood baptism. It seems that Zhou Yuan should have some ability.”
The Hongya Peak master Gu Hongtian’s five fingers tightly clenched, space shattering around his hand. His expression was stormy as an icy voice filled with rage sounded, “Those Sacred Palace bastards!”
They naturally knew that patriarch Cang Xuan’s death back then was very likely linked to Sacred Palace.
However, the current Sacred Palace was steadily rising in power, and there was also the terrifying Sacred Race behind them. Hence, even the Cangxuan Sect could only bury their hatred deep in their hearts.
The air around Liu Lianyi and the white brow elder also turned much colder.
In the end, sect master Qing Yang waved his hand and said in a low voice, “Think about the big picture.”
“Humph!”
Fury flashed in the eyes of Liu Lianyin as she let out an icy snort. She looked as if she wanted to say something, but ultimately resisted the urge. However, her soul-stirringly beautiful face was clearly covered in frost.
The white brow elder lowered his gaze and remained silent.
The Sword Cometh Peak master Ling Jun sighed softly.
The Thunder Prison Peak master remained expressionless.
Sect master Qing Yang chuckled, consoling everyone two more times, before casting his gaze to the numerous stone platforms below. Amongst the innumerable figures, Zhou Yuan and the dozen he led rapidly ascended the pyramid.
Sect master Qing Yang concentrated on the youthful figure as he said in a soft voice, “Let us see whether this little one will be able to give us a pleasant surprise…”

