Chapter 418 Sacred Palace Moves
Genesis Breaker’s power was to destroy any Genesis Qi under the sky. In the face of a Genesis Qi attack, the Genesis Breaker Rune would unleash a certain power that specialized in restraining and destroying that Genesis Qi.
Simply put, any Genesis Qi would be greatly weakened against Genesis Breaker.
This was the main reason why Su Duan’s full power attack had appeared so pathetic before Zhou Yuan.
In the face of the Genesis Breaker Rune, all of Su Duan’s Genesis Qi attacks and defenses became rather ineffective.
This was the fifth rune of the Heavenly Yuan Brush, Genesis Breaker.
Of course, this did not mean that all Genesis Qi attacks and defenses would become useless against Zhou Yuan, because Genesis Breaker had its limits too. A limit that was based on Zhou Yuan’s current strength.
The stronger he was, the stronger Genesis Breaker would be.
If he faced an opponent whose strength far surpassed his own, Genesis Breaker would at most be able to slightly weaken the other party’s Genesis Qi. Although this was already amazing from a certain point of view, it would be nowhere near as overwhelming as it had been against Su Duan and his lackeys.
With the help of the Genesis Beaker Rune, the challenge from Su Duan and gang was swiftly dealt with. In the end, Su Duan could only bring his gravely injured friends as they miserably escaped from Zhou Yuan’s territory, leaving behind a scattered mess and a ground covered in beast corpses.
Zhou Yuan did not do anything to Su Duan. Although the latter had repeatedly used petty tricks to against him, the truth was that someone at that level was already no longer able to enter his eyes.
Even without the Heavenly Yuan Brush’s evolution, it would not have taken much for Zhou Yuan to deal with Su Duan.
Zhou Yuan was actually quite forgiving towards individuals that posed no threat to him.
After chasing away Su Duan, the Heavenly Yuan Brush transformed into stream of light as it tunnelled into his palm. It ultimately ended up silently hovering in his Qi Dwelling, breathing the Genesis Qi inside.
Zuoqiu Qingyu walked over with light steps from behind, her limpid eyes tinged with amazement as she stared at Zhou Yuan and said, “It seems that I was worried for nothing. Su Duan was clearly not your match.”
She was clearly a little astonished inside. Though Su Duan had only recently stepped into the seventh layer, Zhou Yuan was merely at the fourth layer. Despite this, Su Duan was not able to even put up a fight against Zhou Yuan.
Just how powerful was Zhou Yuan?
She had previously been worried that Zhou Yuan would fade into mediocrity after entering the Cangxuan Sect. There were after all far too many geniuses in such a hegemon level sect. Zhou Yuan may have been able to distinguish himself in the Cangmang Continent, but such an achievement would only be considered ordinary in a place like the Cangxuan Sect.
But now, it appeared that her worry was unnecessary.
The individual before her seemed to be outstanding no matter where he went.
Zhou Yuan chuckled when he heard this.
Zuoqiu Qingyu lightly dusted off her hands as she smiled and said, “Alright then, since you’ve resolved the matter, I’ll be returning to defend my insignificant territory.”
“Thank you. Come and find me if you encounter any problems on your side.” Zhou Yuan smiled. Since they were already well acquainted, he felt no need to be overly courteous.
Zuoqiu Qingyu frowned slightly. She propped up her chin with a hand and proudly said, “Tch, you’re just a brute that only knows how to solve problems through force… truth be told, my beauty is even more powerful than your Heaven Genesis Weapon.”
Zhou Yuan was speechless. Zuoqiu Qingyu’s beauty was indeeed an irresitable force to many men. Hence, it was quite normal for them to be so infatuated that they would prostrate themselves at her feet.
In a certain manner of speaking, it was indeed a ‘weapon’ comparable to ordinary Heaven Genesis Weapons.
“Bye.”
With a wave, Zuoqiu Qingyu’s body shot forth. Her figure was graceful and enchanting, like a hundred flowers drifting with the breeze, and yet also nearly impossible to catch, swiftly disappearing from Zhou Yuan’s sights in a second.
After seeing Zuoqiu Qingyu leave, Zhou Yuan sat down beside his giant flag. Since his Heaven Genesis Weapon had evolved, he no longer needed to go around hunting Heavenly Flame Lizards.
Moreover, after defeating Su Duan and gang, the other factions should no longer dare to have any designs on the territory Zhou Yuan was occupying.
Thus, it should become extremely peaceful for some time.
“Guess I’ll continue practicing the Heavenly Sun God Record…”
Mumbled Zhou Yuan to himself as he sat down. With a wave of his sleeve, blood-red magma-like liquid began rising in front of him, It was obviously the essence flames he had won in the rock gambling area a few days earlier.
These essence flames could increase the power of fire-type Genesis Qi or Genesis techniques, which included the Heavenly Sun God Record.
The breath of Heavenly Sun Flame from the Heavenly Sun God Record was currently at the initial stage. Upon reaching the advanced level, the white flame should change to deep azure.
If he could perfect stage, the Heavenly Sun Flame would transform from deep azure to dark gold. At that time, a single breath would possess the power to incinerate entire mountains.
Zhou Yuan had started practicing the Heavenly Sun God Record again ever since he obtained the essence flames. In fact, his white Heavenly Sun Flame had already grown much more domineering than before. However, he still needed to put in more effort if he wanted to reach the advanced level.
Zhou Yuan stared at the slowly flowing essence flames before him, before gently inhaling. Strands of blood-red fire threads began rising from the liquid, before flowing into his body through his nose.
Heat immediately began spreading in his body, causing him to feel as if he was boiling.
However, Zhou Yuan’s expression remained unchanged, enduring the scorching pain as he began circulating the Heavenly Sun God Record. White flames rose inside his body, continuously absorbing the strands of blood-red fire.
As the white flame was being refined, specks of azure light began to appear within it.
Zhou Yuan silently sat on the red land, searing heat spreading from the essence flame flowing in front of him.
Time flowed, and half a day quickly passed.
The essence flame before Zhou Yuan gradually began to dim, a sign that it had been completely depleted. In the end, it turned into a wisp of fire before fading away.
Zhou Yuan’s tightly shut eyes slowly opened at this moment as he turned his senses towards the interior of his body. The azure specks in the white flame had grown increasingly deeper...
“Just a little more.”
Zhou Yuan deeply exhaled. After consuming the several hundred year essence flames, his breath of Heavenly Sun Flame had clearly begun nearing the advanced stage.
“Looks like this trip has been quite beneficial.”
Mumbled Zhou Yuan to himself. He would obviously have no way to obtain these essence flames if he had stayed in the sect, and the Heavenly Sun Flame would still be stuck at the initial stage.
Chit chit!
While Zhou Yuan was sighing, a faint ‘ch’ noise suddenly sounded by his ear.
He was initially stunned by the noise, but soon recalled that he had a communication jade in his ear. It had slipped from his mind because it had emitted no noise for quite some time.
“Senior sister Li Qingchan, senior brother Zhao Zhu… someone from Sacred Palace has entered my territory!” An anxious voice sounded from the communication jade. It sounded like one of the Sword Cometh Peak disciples.
The communication jade was silent for a moment, before Li Qingchan’s voice sounded, “Xu Bin, how many Sacred Palace disciples are there?”
The disciple called Xu Bin swiftly replied, “One.”
“You only need to concentrate on defending.” Upon hearing that it was only one person, Li Qingchan breathed a small sigh of relief. Besides Wang Chi and Cao Jinzhu, the other members of the Sacred Palace team should be about equal strength to her teammates. If it was just one person, Xu Bin should not be defeated.
The communication jade fell silent once again.
However, this silence only lasted for about ten minutes before it was broken once again. A shocked and weak voice sounded through the jade, “Senior sister Li, I’ve failed to defend my spot. The other party is very powerful, far stronger than myself!”
“I’m retreating towards senior brother Lu’s area, but the enemy is right on my heels…”
This immediately triggered a series of responses from the others, turning the situation rather chaotic.
“How can that be? The Sacred Palace team should be on the same level as us. How were you defeated so quickly?” It was Qin Hai’s voice.
Bai Li immediately asked, “Could Wang Chi and Cao Jinzhu have taken action?”
Zhao Zhu’s voice also sounded, “Xu Bin, who was it?”
“It wasn’t Wang Chi or Cao Jinzhu…” Xu Bin’s voice sounded rather weak, a clear sign that he had sustained rather serious injuries. “It was Yang Xuan!”
“Yang Xuan?” Li Qingchan and Zhao Zhu’s voices sounded a little confused. They usually only paid attention to the Chosens of Sacred Palace, and Yang Xuan was clearly not at that level.
Li Qingchan swiftly commanded, “Xu Bin, withdraw to where Lu Liang is and work together.”
“Understood.” Xu Bin responded.
After which, the communication jade fell silent.
Zhou Yuan’s brows were slightly furrowed. Yang Xuan was indeed no ordinary individual. He wondered whether Xu Bin and Lu Liang would be able to defend the area...
He waited in silence for quite some time, before a voice was suddenly transmitted from the communication jade at his ear.
“Senior sister Li, senior brother Zhao. Xu Bin and I have lost to Yang Xuan.” The voice should belong to Lu Liang, his words causing the communication jade to fall silent again. Everyone knew by now that something was wrong.
Li Qingchan’s voice had turned rather grave as she said, “Everyone, retreat immediately and gather at Bai Li’s area. Yang Xuan is likely Sacred Palace’s secret weapon.”
“The rest of you should gather together first, before finding a chance to counter attack. Zhao Zhu and I will wait for the right moment to strike.”
By this time, it was clearly useless to continue defending their respective areas. They needed to first face Sacred Palace in battle.
“Roger!”
Several voices sounded from the communication jade before it returned to silence.
Zhou Yuan’s gaze faintly flickered in thought, a rather grave look on his face. It seems that Sacred Palace had finally began act...

