Chapter 566 Six Color Treasure Location
The Heavenly Yuan Brush hovered in the sky, its white hairs hanging downwards to bind Lei Qinghai’s limbs. Some of the hairs even penetrated into his flesh, preventing him from circulating any of his Genesis Qi.
Lei Qinghai was basically akin to a pig waiting to be slaughtered at this current moment.
Hence, Lei Qinghai hurriedly nodded his head the moment he saw Zhou Yuan’s murder infused fist stop, ignoring the pain that was arcing through his face as he said, “It’s really a six color treasure location!”
A trace of surprise flitted across Zhou Yuan’s eyes.
This so-called treasure location was a unique spot within the Mythic Utopia in which a tremendous amount of extremely pure Mythic Genesis essence could be found. Due to certain special reasons, the Mythic Genesis essence would automatically gather together, and ultimately culminate into a naturally formed Divine Establishing Treasure!
If one managed to obtain it, one would save a huge amount of time and effort in harvesting Mythic Genesis essence.
Although there was a big Mythic Genesis essence deposit in the mountain top Zhou Yuan had currently occupied, after splitting it with so many other individuals, the bigger share he got was still not enough to create a three-color level Divine Establishing Treasure.
As its name implied, the six color treasure location mentioned by Lei Qinghai could possibly contain a six-color level Divine Establishing Treasure!
An item that was basically even rarer and more precious than six-color Mythic Genesis essence!
Anyone who obtained it would be able to establish a six heavens Divine Dwelling when advancing to the Divine Dwelling stage. From this, one could see just how valuable it was.
One must know that even in their Cangxuan Sect, only the ten great Chosens had any chance of establishing a six heavens Divine Dwelling.
Thus, even Chosen level individuals would be tempted in the face of such a treasure. Though their ambitions may not be limited to the six heavens Divine Dwelling, obtaining a six-color Divine Establishing Treasure would still be very beneficial for them.
After a brief moment of shock, Zhou Yuan was still a little unable to believe this news. He stared hard at Lei Qinghai and asked once more, “You’re saying that there’s a six color treasure location in this region? Where did you get this information?”
A six color treasure location should only appear in the deeper regions of the Mythic Utopia, but they were currently in the outer regions, so how could one possibly appear?
Lei Qinghai gritted his teeth and said, “You have to promise you’ll release me first!”
Zhou Yuan’s eyes narrowed slightly. He stared at Lei Qinghai for a few more seconds, before he said, “I’ll let you go if you’re telling the truth.”
Lei Qinghai quickly said, “One of my senior brothers entered the wrong area during the previous return of the Mythic Utopia. However, there was an extremely powerful repulsive force that only someone with a four-color Divine Establishing Treasure would be able to resist.”
“The location has been marked in this jade strip, you also have your own map so you can cross check that it’s real!” He immediately tossed over a jade strip, afraid that Zhou Yuan would kill him due to impatience.
Zhou Yuan made a grabbing motion, sucking the jade strip into his hand. However, he did not immediately check it, but first very carefully scanned it with his Spirit power. After seeing that there was nothing abnormal, he placed the jade against his forehead.
The jade vibrated as information flowed into Zhou Yuan’s head. It was indeed a map, which he found was not much different from their own after a quick cursory glance. However, there were only a few scattered light dots on the map that were merely two colored.
However, Zhou Yuan’s attention soon turned towards the northwestern portion of the map, where an extremely bright dot could be seen. There were six colors within the dot, and it was stronger than all the other dots.
This was evidently the six color treasure location mentioned by Lei Qinghai.
As Zhou Yuan gazed at the glowing dot, even someone like himself could not help but feel his heart beat faster at this moment. His main goal for entering the Mythic Utopia was to obtain a seven-color Divine Establishing Treasure to enable him to at the very minimum establish a seven heavens Divine Dwelling when he advanced to the Divine Dwelling stage.
If he could obtain that six-color Divine Establishing Treasure, he would be halfway to his goal, which would undoubtedly save him alot of time and effort.
In fact, he may even have hopes for an eight heavens Divine Dwelling!
Though such thoughts churned in his head, Zhou Yuan’s expression remained completely unchanged. He opened his eyes and kept the jade strip, before shooting a glance at Lei Qinghai. “I hope that your information is true.”
He was already certain inside that the six color treasure location was most likely real.
Lei Qinghai forced a smile. “I definitely would not dare to lie to you. Can you let me go now?”
Zhou Yuan seemed to smile. “Let you go, huh?”
Lei Qinghai’s expression changed. “Zhou Yuan, are you going to go back on your word? I said that I would exchange this information for my life!”
“Relax, I will let you go.”
Zhou Yuan swept a glance at Lei Qinghai, before suddenly grabbing and throwing him towards the ancient forests in the distance. The moment Lei Qinghai left his hand, Zhou Yuan sent a thought to the Heavenly Yuan Brush, causing numerous snow-white hairs to shoot out and burrow into Lei Qinghai’s body.
As Lei Qinghai fell from the sky, he attempted to circulate his Genesis Qi, only for his expression to abruptly change. To his horror, the Genesis Qi in his body seemed to have been sealed by something, making it impossible for him to utilise even a single drop.
ARHH!
A shriek rang out from his mouth as his body streaked across the sky, and crashed into the ancient forest.
Zhou Yuan dusted off his hands in the sky, as his cold eyes looked towards the ancient forest. “The Genesis Qi in your body will be sealed for three days, if you manage to survive inside for three days, it will naturally be your own good luck.”
However, there were numerous ferocious Genesis Beasts inside the ancient forests that even Zhou Yuan’s team had avoided while rushing here. If Lei Qinghai did manage to survive inside without the usage of Genesis Qi, it would indeed mean that he was not fated to die.
Zhou Yuan did not kill Lei Qinghai, because it was rather pointless. Since the latter knew about the six color treasure location, the other disciples from the Little Thunder Gate that managed to escape were surely aware about it as well.
What’s more, Zhou Yuan knew that the appearance of a six color treasure location would surely cause an enormous disturbance, making it impossible to hide. Since he now knew about it ahead of time, he could make some preparations to give himself an advantage.
It was not easy to gain a little advance notice about such things, and asking for too much would only be unrealistic.
Zhou Yuan cast one final glance at the forest, before rising into the air on his Genesis Qi and landing on the mountain top.
Upon seeing his return, Gu Hongyi, Zhou Tai, Lu Yan and the others rushed over.
“Where’s that fellow? You let him go?” Gu Hongyi pursed her lips as she looked behind Zhou Yuan. It appeared that she rather disliked Lei Qinghai.
Zhou Yuan chuckled, and briefly elaborated on Lei Qinghai’s current circumstances.
Gu Hongyi and the others looked at each other, as they involuntarily shivered. They truly could not imagine how a person whose Genesis Qi had been sealed would be able to survive in that forest.
Moreover, Lei Qinghai would definitely be terrified while inside.
Merely imagining such a scene was enough to appease their anger at him.
“He only has himself to blame. I still can’t believe he actually dared to bully us!” Gu Hongyi icily snorted, showing no pity at all to Lei Qinghai’s predicament.
Zhou Yuan smiled and asked, “We shouldn’t have suffered any losses, right?
“Yup, everyone is basically okay. Only a few disciples sustained some minor injuries.”
Gu Hongyi gave a faint nod. Soon after, she looked towards Zhou Yuan as an enchanting smile emerged on her pretty face. “You’ve made quite a name for yourself with this battle. It should not be long before you become famous in this district. When that happens, there will be less people who would be as foolish as Lei Qinghai.”
The surrounding disciples looked towards Zhou Yuan with respect and admiration. The strength he displayed had greatly increased their sense of security. Regardless of the conflicts between the various peaks, having a powerful leader was undoubtedly the best in a dangerous place like the Mythic Utopia.
Zhou Yuan did not care much about fame. If anyone tried anything stupid, he did not mind turning them into the second Lei Qinghai.
“Let’s prepare to continue harvesting the Mythic Genesis essence, and aim to finish up in two days, before we head to our next target…”
Zhou Yuan raised his head and peered into the distance, as the fire of desire surged in his eyes.
Looks like he would have to collect as much Mythic Genesis essence as he could. Once he formed a four-color Divine Establishing Treasure, he would immediately rush towards the six color treasure location...

