Chapter 187 Into the Clouds
Rumble!
The green wave churned, bursting with power that could sweep away mountains and overturn the seas. Ten thousand feet tall, the sight of it could only be said to be magnificent.
However, everyone clearly knew of the terror within such magnificence.
At this current moment, there were four figures inside this giant wave. These four were using all of their power to frantically push through every layer in the wave. They wanted to pierce through the wave, blasting past this final obstruction.
Every gaze both inside and outside the Saint Remains Domain was gathered on the four figures.
The four of them seemed to have pushed their Genesis Qi to the limit.
However, anyone could see that the final green wave contained way too much power, power so great that the four individuals wore extremely serious expressions, and did not dare to let their attention stray.
In a short span of a dozen breaths, they were nearly at the halfway point in the wave.
Outside the Saint Remains Domain, one of the six envoys suddenly remarked, “They’re about to run out of steam.”
Mu Wuji and Zhao Pan’s pupils shrank. They were also naturally able to sense that Zhou Yuan, Wu Huang and the other two were swiftly depleting their Genesis Qi. It was obvious that even they felt a huge pressure from the ten thousand feet tall green wave.
“The Saint mountain is indeed difficult to climb.” Another envoy sighed. “From the looks of it, I’m afraid that the four of them will have no choice but to land on the ninth stone platform.”
If they chose the ninth stone platform, they would be unable to reach the peak, and no longer be able to obtain the greatest blessing.
The envoys gazes were tightly glued to the mirror. They knew that result was about to appear.
...
“Not good.”
In the green wave, Ye Ming’s brows were tightly furrowed together, his expression rather grim. He was aware of his rapidly depleting Genesis Qi, and knew that he would not be able to pass the green wave if this continued.
Li Chunjun’s expression was still akin to a rippleless well. However, the destructive power of his sword Qi had clearly become much weaker.
Wu Huang and Zhou Yuan were also giving their all with grave expressions.
Another dozen breaths passed in this manner.
The black vortex in front of Ye Ming suddenly paused, a sign that it was about to crumble, while Lu Chunjun was forcibly battered out of his man and sword as one state.
Zhou Yuan and Wu Huang’s speed also dropped.
Countless sighs of pity rang out in the Saint Remains Domain at this moment.
Boom!
However, just as everyone felt the four were no longer able to push forward, berserk Genesis Qi suddenly erupted from Wu Huang’s body as the giant scarlet-red sun before him exploded.
By borrowing this sudden explosion of power, Wu Huang’s speed soared.
*Uproar*!
Uproars swept through the insides and outsides of the Saint Remains Domain. No one had that Wu Huang had still been holding something back.
“Excellent!” The Sacred Palace envoy Zhao Pan laughed heartily.
On the other hand, Mu Wuji’s frowned deeply.
Ye Ming and Li Chunjun were also startled by Wu Huang’s sudden burst of power.
Especially Ye Ming, a dark look flitting across his eyes.
“Wu Huang, since we can be said to be companions, we should naturally naturally go through thick and thin together. Abandoning me as you ascend the peak is definitely a no go. That’s why, it will be better for you to stay here and keep me company!” Ye Ming icily chuckled as he suddenly made his move. With a jerk of his sleeve, black Genesis Qi shot out, transforming into a black spear that thrust towards Wu Huang like lightning.
The black spear pierced through the air, clearly containing Ye Ming’s full power.
Since he could not reach the peak, no one else should reach it!
“What a vicious person!”
Ye Ming’s sudden attack drew countless gasps. No one had expected that the one to attack Wu Huang would be the one he partnered with.
Swish!
The black spear arrived like a bolt of lightning, instantly appearing behind Wu Huang.
However, instead of being alarmed by the sudden attack, a strange smile surfaced on Wu Huang’s face.
One could only watch as his body paused slightly and his hands began to make circular motions. Scarlet-red Genesis Qi began to swirl, causing the black spear to stop. With a twist of his hand, the black spear ferociously shot towards the front with even more power than before.
Wu Huang’s figure leaped onto the spear, stepping on its body as it rapidly pierced through the green wave...
“Ye Ming, did you really think I would not be on guard against someone as devious as you?” Wu Huang’s laughter was heard as he left on the spear.
Ye Ming’s expression was stormy. He had never imagined that Wu Huang would already be prepared. He had purposely shown an opening, baiting the former to attack such that he could borrow the former’s power to travel through the wave.
And now, Ye Ming’s strength was spent, no longer able to advance even half a step forward.
“Beautiful!” Countless exclamations sounded in the Saint Remains Domain. No one had expected Wu Huang would end up using Ye Ming’s attack to help him progress.
“Looks like Wu Huang will be the only one to ascend the peak of the Saint mountain.” Zhao Pan rubbed his hands together as he laughed loudly. He shot Mu Wuji a glance from the corner of his eye, a mocking look on his lips.
Zhou Yuan, Li Chunjun and Ye Ming were already on their last legs. It was impossible for them to break through the final green wave and reach the top of the mountain.
Inside the green wave.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes began to flicker in thought as he gazed upon Wu Huang’s rapidly departing figure atop the spear. Soon after, the former took in a deep breath.
“To think that you still had something in reserve even at such a time. Wu Huang, you are really extraordinary.”
“However, if you believe this will cement your victory, you’re taking things too easy!”
Resplendent rays of light suddenly emerged between Zhou Yuan’s brows as a Spirit pulse exploded.
His Genesis Qi had indeed been depleted, but one cannot forget that Genesis Qi was not the only thing he relied on. In fact, his Spirit mastery was greater than anyone here!
An illusory Spirit was faintly visible, silently seated between Zhou Yuan’s brows.
Rumble!
Genesis Qi returned to his body, but it was now surrounded by a powerful invisible force. The green wave was continuously torn apart as his figure dashed forward, chasing after Wu Huang.
The invisible force was obvious Spirit power.
Zhou Yuan’s sudden burst of speed immediately drew countless shocked gazes.
“Zhou Yuan still has Genesis Qi?!”
“No, that’s not Genesis Qi, it’s Spirit power!”
“So that’s how he did it. His Spirit cultivation is pretty high, but he has not used it since the beginning because now is the best timing!”
“......”
Wave after wave of noise pulsed through the crowds, countless individuals amazed. Who could have imagined such a series of highs and lows. Even till now, no one was able to say for sure who will be the final winner.
Swish!
Zhou Yuan shot forward, slicing through the green wave.
Lu Chunjun’s footsteps stopped at this moment as he measured the remaining power in his body. He then shot a look at Zhou Yuan, and was silent for a brief moment, before tightly gripping his heavy black sword.
“Zhou Yuan, I will send you off. I hope that you will reach the peak.”
Li Chunjun grasped his sword with both hands and suddenly sent a slash flying.
Swoosh!
A formidable without equal flash of sword light rocketed forward, appearing in front of Zhou Yuan to help him cut through the green wave.
Zhou Yuan was a little taken aback. He soon cast a grateful gaze at Li Chunjun. With Li Chunjun’s aid, he was now confident of passing through the entire wave and ascend the peak.
“Thanks!”
With a soft thanks, his speed rapidly rose.
Several breaths later, he was already at Wu Huang’s heels.
Wu Huang looked over, their gazes meeting. The thick killing intent could practically freeze the surrounding air.
“Zhou Yuan, you really are akin to a lingering spirit!” Wu Huang’s voice was chilling. He never imagined that the crippled dragon of the Zhou clan, whom he would not even give a glance, would one day be right at his heels!
“Wu Huang, let us fully settle our grudge today!” The murder in Zhou Yuan’s eyes trembled.
“Ha, you?!” Wu Huang laughed disdainfully.
“Fine. I will kill you today, destroying any hopes that your Zhou clan may have!”
Boom!
Under the attention of the countless excited gazes both inside and outside of the Saint Remains Domain, Zhou Yuan and Wu Huang’s figures finally broke out of the ten thousand feet tall green wave, heading straight into the clouds.

