Chapter 205 End of the Saint Remains Domain Saga
By the cliff, under the pine tree.
Unconcealable joy and surprise flooded Zhou Yuan’s face as he felt the robust Genesis Qi in his Qi Dwelling.
He never expected that a single drop of Saint blood would leap him straight from the mid Heaven Gate stage to the quasi Alpha-Origin stage. In fact, he was already able to faintly sense a mysterious domain. If he was not wrong, it should be the rumored Alpha-Origin Heaven.
There were nine levels in the Alpha-Origin Heaven, and each contained ancient Alpha-Origin Qi. Absorbing this Alpha-Origin Qi would gradually alter one’s Qi Dwelling, causing enormous changes. When the Qi Dwelling eventually reaches its limit, it would evolve, turning into the Divine Dwelling.
Once the Divine Dwelling was formed, one may step into the Divine Dwelling stage. At which point, one’s Genesis Qi would become as vast as the clouds, able to cover an area spanning a hundred miles, making it incomparable to the Alpha-Origin stage.
“Now that I’m already able to sense the existence of the Alpha-Origin Heaven, I only need to enter it to truly step into the Alpha-Origin stage.” Mumbled Zhou Yuan to himself.
At Zhou Yuan’s original speed, he would need at least a year of tough training in order to reach the quasi Alpha-Origin stage from the mid Heaven Gate stage. Who could have imagined that he would be able to achieve the same outcome in half a month.
Most importantly, this jump in cultivation did not make Zhou Yuan’s foundations unstable, but instead increasingly sturdy and solid.
The wonders of the Saint blood was truly difficult to imagine for ordinary people.
“How is it? Are satisfied with my drop of Saint blood?” While Zhou Yuan was immersed in his joy, laughter was suddenly heard from the side.
Zhou Yuan raised his head, seeing patriarch Cang Xuan’s handsome smiling face.
“Many thanks to elder for your gift.” Zhou Yuan cupped his hands together with a solemn expression. He had personally felt the benefits brought by the Saint blood. Not only had it made his foundations even more stable than before, it also raised his strength. Most importantly of course, there were several marvels contained within that would perhaps bring him numerous benefits on the future road of his cultivation journey.
Patriarch Cang Xuan waved his hand and said, “This blessing was won with your own hands.”
Zhou Yuan could see that patriarch Cang Xuan’s seemed to have become much more illusory, likely because his Genesis Qi was about to be completely exhausted. It was obvious that after giving the drop of Saint blood to Zhou Yuan, the tiny bit of Spirit energy that patriarch Cang Xuan was composed of would not last much longer.
“Kid, no need to be sentimental. The purpose of this tiny bit of Spirit energy was to wait for the one I needed to wait for. Now that my purpose has been fulfilled, it’s naturally time for me to go.” Patriarch Cang Xuan smiled. “You only need to remember the task I set you.”
Zhou Yuan said in a heavy voice, “Don’t worry elder, I will definitely give my all, and not let the other three Saint Runes land in Sacred Palace’s hands.”
Patriarch Cang Xuan nodded. “As for the locations of the third and fourth Saint Runes, you will naturally find out when you obtain the second Saint Rune.”
Evidently, he was leaving out some information as insurance, such that if Zhou Yuan was somehow caught by some kind of technique or ploy, he would not be able to divulge all of the Saint Rune locations at once.
Yaoyao rose from the white jade table.
Patriarch Cang Xuan looked at her, before his gaze turned towards Zhou Yuan as his expression gradually turned serious. “Lastly, I hope that you will be able to properly protect her. Since even Cang Yuan believes in you, I too believe that you can do it.”
Zhou Yuan solemnly nodded.
He could sense that Yaoyao’s identity had great implications, or legendary figures such as patriarch Cang Xuan and master Cang Yuan would not place such heavy emphasis upon it.
After patriarch Cang Xuan was done, he waved his head and said, “Go.”
Respect rose in Zhou Yuan’s heart as he gazed at patriarch Cang Xuan’s illusory figure. Zhou Yuan was still too weak and small now, so he could not understand what exactly patriarch Cang Xuan and the rest were doing. However, his actions of protecting Yaoyao even at the price of his own life was something Zhou Yuan respected and admired.
Zhou Yuan bowed to patriarch Cang Xuan, before turning around with Yaoyao, soon disappearing into the mists.
Patriarch Cang Xuan watched them leave as he sighed meaningfully and mumbled to himself,
“Whether or not the human race will survive the foretold Sacred disaster will depend on them…”
…
When Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao walked out of the mists, they felt the entire world around them begin to tremble. The two lifted their heads, finding that the sky above the Saint Remains Domain was slowly splitting open...
Through the crack, a familiar land appeared. It was the area outside the Saint Remains Domain.
Evidently, the path out was being opened.
Swish! Swish!
While the Saint Remains Domain was being opened, countless streaks of light dashed into the sky, like locusts as they flew towards the crack, making it a rather busy sight.
While Zhou Yuan was cultivating during the past half a month, patriarch Cang Xuan had closed the Saint Remains Domain. All of the numerous geniuses within were unable to exit, and could only silently wait here. Fortunately, the Genesis Qi in the Saint Remains Domain was strong and plentiful, so it felt pretty good to cultivate in here for a while.
Now that Zhou Yuan was done, the Saint Remains Domain was once again opened by patriarch Cang Xuan.
Swish!
A surge of Genesis Qi light whizzed over, making a beeline for Yaoyao.
Yaoyao stretched out her arms and caught it as the light faded, revealing Tuntun’s figure.
Yaoyao gently stroked Tuntun’s head while it narrowed its eyes and enjoyed the caress, releasing happy noises from its mouth.
Zhou Yuan’s gaze looked down, feeling somewhat sentimental as he gazed upon the vast, endless Saint Remains Domain. Before entering, he was practically a nobody in the Cangmang Continent.
However, when he left, it was likely that his name had already shaken the entire Cangmang Continent.
This was not arrogance on his part. The splendid achievements he had racked up along the way were already enough to make him number one amongst the younger generation of the Cangmang Continent.
Moreover, after receiving the Saint blood’s benefits, he was much stronger compared to half a month ago. If Zhou Yuan were to encounter Wu Huang again now, the battle would be a little one-sided...
“Let’s go.”
Said Zhou Yuan to Yaoyao before Genesis Qi began to spread, forming a cloud of dark gold beneath their feet. Genesis Qi soared into the sky, carrying the two towards the crack.
The instant they charged through the crack, the entire world seemed to become wider and bigger.
On the land in the distance, a majestic city was barely visible. It was Saint Remains City.
At this current time, the area outside of the Saint Remains Domain was extremely lively and bustling, a seemingly unending stream of geniuses flying out...
Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao’s appearance instantly drew countless gazes, every one of them filled with respect.
The shocking scene of Zhou Yuan defeating Wu Huang was still deeply carved into everyone’s minds.
“Heh, you’re pretty good Zhou Yuan, to think that even Wu Huang was beaten by you!” Two rays of Genesis Qi light flew over and approached Zhou Yuan and Yaoyao as a lovely laughter was heard. It was Luluo and Zuoqiu Qingyu.
Luluo’s large eyes blinked as she stared at Zhou Yuan, amazement and astonishment filling her small face.
“How about you?” Asked Zhou Yuan with a chuckle. On the Saint stars, Luluo had met Zhu Ying again.
Luluo answered in a smug manner, “Humph, how can she be my match. I was merely caught off guard the previous time.”
By the side, Zuoqiu Qingyu’s pretty eyes swirled as she stared at Zhou Yuan with interest and grinned, “How does it feel? You’re now the number one person amongst the Cangmang Continent’s younger generation.”
Yaoyao carried Tuntun, her red lips curling slightly as she shot Zuoqiu Qingyu a look. “Then are you still interested in my earlier proposal?”
Zuoqiu Qingyu stared at Yaoyao’s perfect, unblemished and fair face, unable to resist slipping over and hooking a hand around Yaoyao’s slender waist as she said in a low voice, “I am indeed a little interested now, but you’re still the one I’m most interested in. How about the three of us tie the knot?”
Two young ladies, one perfectly beautiful but rather cold and aloof, the other enchantingly bewitching. When their faces were put side by side, it caused several geniuses to cast somewhat lustful gazes over.
“Get lost.” Yaoyao was expressionless as she reached out and flicked Zuoqiu Qingyu’s forehead, pushing her away.
The words of this little temptress was really too brazen.
Zhou Yuan was pretty close to them, and was hence able to hear Zuoqiu Qingyu’s words. His entire body seemed to instantly heat up, his gaze involuntarily sweeping across the two young ladies’ faces.
Yaoyao seemed to sense his gaze, her eyes narrowing slightly as she looked towards him.
Zhou Yuan felt a chill and hurriedly withdrew his eyes, not daring to meet her gaze.
*Cough*!
After the many geniuses left the Saint Remains Domain, a soft cough suddenly rang out across the area, somehow covering every other noise.
The entire place fell silent.
Every genius watched as six Genesis Qi clouds drifted over from far away. Six figures were seated on each cloud, powerful Genesis Qi pressure rippling from their bodies.
It was the six envoys.
Upon their arrival, the crowd of geniuses grew nervous. They knew that the end of the Saint Remains Domain was the start of the selection by the six envoys. Those that they found worthy would be allowed to enter the six sects to train.
These were the strongest sects in Cangxuan Heaven.
For every genius present, it was akin to a carp leaping through the dragon's gate!

