Chapter 184 Saint Stairs Stone Stage
The appearance of the green wave had sent a good number of geniuses out of the Saint tower. This caused a shiver to run through everyone’s hearts, making them no longer dare to relax. Ascending these stone steps was clearly going to be a lot more difficult than they had imagined.
Thus, the subsequent stair climbing grew increasingly difficult for the numerous geniuses.
The flood was endless, giant waves forming within it from time to time. Its power could blast apart mountains, which was why Zhou Yuan and the rest needed to concentrate all of their Genesis Qi into defending each time.
As such, their rate of Genesis Qi consumption rapidly multiplied.
By this time, even the expressions of the apex level geniuses had become rather ugly. They had already realised that their Genesis Qi would eventually be completely used up if this continued.
They raised their heads and gazed upon the stone steps, still no end in sight, as they bitterly cried out in their hearts. “When will these steps end?”
…
Outside the Saint Remains Domain. The six envoys watched the scenes within the mirror.
“At this rate, all of them will reach their limits in three inscence sticks of time.” The six envoys were Divine Dwelling experts, their sharp end experienced eyes naturally able to accurately approximate everyone’s limits with a single glance.
“It’s truly hard to climb these stairs.” With regards to the pouring green flood, even the six envoys inwardly shook their heads. They knew that if they suppressed their strength to the same level as Wu Huang and the rest, they may not be able to last this long.
From this, one could see just how difficult it was to obtain the greatest blessing.
“Next, we’ll see who will be able to endure till the end…”
…
Time continued to flow, and two incense sticks of time quickly passed.
By this time, the original three dozen or so had already been cut substantially. Those in the rear were constantly washed away by the flood and sent out of the Saint tower, leaving only a handful behind.
In fact, even the first group of apex level geniuses were no longer as calm as they had been in the beginning, their bodies no longer as stable.
AAHHH!
A miserable shriek suddenly sounded from behind. Xiao Tianxuan and Gu Ling were no longer able to hold on, both blown off their feet by a green wave.
Amidst their unresigned cries, the two were beaten black and blue before ultimately being flung out of the tower.
At this point, besides the first group of apex level geniuses, every other genius that had entered the tower had been wiped out.
This cruel scene caused the countless geniuses inside the Saint Remains Domain to shiver inside and feel a little fortunate that they had not qualified to enter the tower. The end result for those like them would likely not be pretty.
On the stone steps...
The apex level geniuses remaining were still gritting their teeth as they persisted. However, things were not looking optimistic, the surging Genesis Qi around them no longer as resplendent and robust as in the beginning.
Luluo could not help but curse with a slightly pale little face, “Where the heck is the end to these blasted stairs!”
On her shoulder, Little Frost was also looking a little listless, a sign that it was overworked.
Though the others remained silent, they were clearly also cursing at the absurdness of these steps in their hearts.
“Eh?”
While everyone was inwardly cursing however, their eyes suddenly widened slightly as they lifted their heads and looked up. Some distance to their front, a wide stone platform floated next to the stairs.
“What is that? Could we have reached the end?” Everyone was uncertain.
They carried their bewilderment as they gradually approached the stone platform floating next to the steps. Their gazes swept over, only to find a stone tablet at the center of the platform on which several ancient glowing words were carved.
“It seems to be a Genesis technique?” A rough look was all that was needed for them to vaguely identify it.
“There are words at the top of the tablet!”
Zhou Yuan and the rest looked towards the top of the tablet. Sure enough, they saw a line of ancient words.
“The Saint stairs have nine platforms. Those that enter may receive treasures, but they will not be allowed to leave.”
Everyone read the texts as a thoughtful look was revealed in their eyes.
“Which is to say there are a total of nine of these stone platforms? This should be the first one… entering means getting a treasure, but not allowed to leave would mean that we will not be able to re enter the Saint steps?”
Zhou Yuan’s gaze flickered, slightly comprehending the meaning behind those words. This was likely a reward of sorts for those who managed to endure till this point.
However, it was also obvious that the stone platforms that appeared later on would have better prizes.
All the apex level geniuses were smart individuals, and soon realised this point. Hence, they gritted their teeth, choosing to continue trudging forward instead of entering the stone platforms.
These people were prideful individuals. How could they possibly allow themselves to stop here!
Therefore, the advance continued.
Rumble!
Under the unyielding efforts of the apex level geniuses, they saw another three platforms in succession after half an incense stick of time. However, they merely hesitated briefly, before unanimously choosing not to enter.
All of them wanted to endure just a little longer so that the blessing they eventually obtained would be even better.
Time passed as everyone's footsteps grew heavier than ever. Their pace had slowed to a crawl as if there was a heavy mountain on each of their backs.
The fifth stone platform finally appeared.
The Dongxuan Continent genius, Zhu Ying, was pretty pale. Sweat drenched her body, the feeling almost gone from her legs. Her gaze flickered indeterminately as she stared at the fifth stone platform.
In the end, she helplessly sighed, knowing that she had reached her limit. Continuing would only result in being washed away. When that happened, she would be ejected empty handed.
Therefore, she grunted softly as her figure leaped upwards and landed on the stone platform.
She obviously did not plan on persisting, changing her focus instead to obtaining the blessing on this stone platform.
"Humph, I've been watching you for a long time. Let us properly settle our grudge from last time!" The moment Zhu Ying landed on the fifth platform, Luluo icily snorted and also left the stone steps, landing on the same stone platform.
It was not a rash decision made purely out of anger. She too understood her current condition. If she continued, it was very likely that she would not be able to endure till the fourth stone platform.
As such, she had to contest for the fifth platform.
"You!" Zhu Ying's gaze turned frosty when she saw Luluo also land on the same platform and sneered. "Since you wish for death, I will fulfil your wish!"
Their actions immediately caused an uproar in the Saint Remains Domain, countless gazes beginning to light up with excitement.
"They're going to fight!"
"Go Little County Lord, beat up that woman. The Saint Remains Domain blessings belong to our Cangmang Continent. We cannot allow those Dongxuan people even a single one!"
Voices rose and fell in the Saint Remains Domain. Practically everyone was supporting Luluo against the outsider.
On the stone steps, Zhou Yuan and the rest paused for a moment, but soon began their climb again.
"Be careful Luluo." Zhou Yuan cautioned.
Luluo waved a small hand. "Relax, I will no longer give the same chance from the previous time."
There was nothing more for Zhou Yuan to say. He continued advancing, gradually leaving the fifth stone platform behind.
His gaze gradually sharpened. He had a feeling that the most intense phase was about to begin…

