Chapter 197 Battle Between the Two Dragons; Victory and Defeat
On the white jade plaza, even the sound of wind seemed to slow to a crawl.
Countless gazes had their full focus on the two figures that had crossed.
Zhou Yuan and Wu Huang were now back to back.
The bright silver light on Zhou Yuan’s body began to dim, transforming into silver liquid that flowed down, ultimately becoming a silver ball as it floated by his side.
Urgh!
Once the silver armor was off, Zhou Yuan could not help but vomit a mouthful of blood. Intense pain pulsed from between his brows, nearly causing him to lose consciousness.
However, he forced himself to endure it while the Spirit between his brows rapidly dimmed.
Fortunately, the Saint Spirit Crystal began to emanate rays of light that wrapped around his Spirit. Strands of cooling aura poured into his Spirit, allowing him to maintain his final shred of consciousness.
The sight of those caused the onlookers both inside and outside the Saint Remains Domain to cry out in alarm, “Zhou Yuan seems to be seriously injured?”
Anyone could sense that Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi was also swiftly weakening, undoubtedly a sign that he would no longer be able to fight.
Mu Wuji, Zhao Pan and the other four envoys watched closely, not daring to blink.
Under their watching eyes, Zhou Yuan feebly wiped away the blood at the corner of his mouth. His usage of Silver Shadow had been very brief this time, which was why Zhou Yuan had not directly lost consciousness like before.
Even so, Zhou Yuan could feel that his Spirit had become extremely weak. He did indeed no longer possess the strength to do battle.
However, no panic appeared on his face.
He lowered his head to look at his hand, seeing fresh blood drip from his fingertips, but it did not belong to him...
Zhou Yuan declared in an indifferent voice, “Wu Huang, you all will never be able to take what’s truly mine.”
Back still facing each other, Wu Huang’s hoarse voice was transmitted over, “How can this be?! How can I lose to trash like you?! It’s not fair!”
His howls were filled with indignation.
“You were too prideful.” Replied Zhou Yuan.
Wu Huang’s expression twisted as he recalled the words Wu Yao once said to him when he left the Great Wu royal palace.
“Wu Huang, there will eventually come a day where you will lose because of your pride and arrogance.”
The him from back then had laughed at these words, because he had never felt that the crippled dragon Zhou Yuan was even worthy enough to enter his eyes. He saw the latter as an ant, an ant that could easily be swatted away into the endless abyss with a simple flip of his hand.
However, he would never have imagined the things that had happened today...
The once ant like existence in his eyes had destroyed all of his trump cards...
The pride he once had began to vanish completely at this moment.
“I… won’t accept…” Mumbled Wu Huang.
Squerrch!
A line of blood slowly appeared on his neck. In the next instant, Wu Huang’s head fell from his body...
Blood dashed into the sky.
The entire Saint Remains Domain and the area outside was completely silent, before countless gasps sounded.
“Wu Huang has been killed!’
Gaze after gaze stared at this scene in shock. No one had expected the unfathomably powerful Wu Huang would be killed by a Heaven Gate stage youth.
Mu Wuji’s mouth hung wide open, the pipe in his hand shaking as he mumbled, “This kid, how the heck did he do it?!”
Moments ago, he had been certain that Zhou Yuan was dead!
But who could have expected him to suddenly break through Wu Huang’s terrifying attack, almost instantaneously reversing the situation, and then taking his head...
“How can this be?!”
Zhao Pao also roared. His abruptly stood up with a stormy expression, chillingly staring at the mirror with eyes filled with disbelief.
He was likewise unable to accept that Wu Huang had lost to Zhou Yuan!
The entire place was plagued by an endless uproar. However, no matter how much they did not believe it, the scenes in the mirror made them understand how cruel reality was.
In the Saint Remains Domain, Xiao Tianxuan and Gu Ling were dumbstruck when they saw this scene.
Moments later, they swallowed a mouthful of saliva. When they looked towards Zhou Yuan’s figure again, there now some fear in their eyes. They clearly knew how powerful Wu Huang was, and yet, even someone as unreasonably strong as him had lost at Zhou Yuan’s hands...
Meanwhile, rays of light suddenly exploded from the fifth to ninth stone platforms along the stone stairs.
The light gradually weakened as the situation within the five stone platforms was clearly revealed.
On the fifth stone platform, Luluo was seated on the ground, her small face rather pale. Little Frost feebly lay on her shoulder, the glow around it now pretty dim.
Some distance to her front, a life-like ice statue glittered under the sunshine. Inside it, Zhu Ying’s face was frozen, never to move again.
On the sixth stone platform, Zhen Xu’s clothes were torn and tattered, countless deep blade cuts all over his body. However, no blood flowed from his wounds, his body akin to a dried corpse. Before him, Jiang Quan was also covered in wounds, one of them however, had pierced the spot between his brows...
On the seventh stone platform, Zuoqiu Qingyu’s fair feet stood on the shoulders of a muscular metal tower like figure. Blood could be seen at the corner of her mouth, making her red lips even more enchanting.
The metal tower like man below her feet called Qin Tong had one knee on the ground. It was unknown whether he was dead or alive.
On the eighth stone platform, or what was left of it. It was as if the entire platform had been blown apart. Ning Zhan climbed out from the rubble. His body was riddled with injuries, but the smile on his face was filled with wild excitement.
One would faintly see white hair poking out from the rubble nearby.
On the ninth stone platform, two figures were seated cross-legged.
Bloody hole after hole could be seen on Blind Sword’s body. His face was very pale, while the hand that grasp his black heavy sword trembled without end.
Ye Ming was seated some distance to his front. However, a deep sword wound ran from his shoulder to his waist, practically splitting him into two.
Both individuals’ injuries were a terrible sight to behold.
It was a case of neither party winning due to serious injuries.
*Uproar*!
The sight of this caused an uproar to wash across the entire place once again, but it was soon followed by deafening cheers. With the exception of the ninth stone platform, every other fight seemed to have ended in the Cangmang Continent’s victory...
However, Luluo, Zuoqiu Qingyu and the rest were currently lifting their heads to look towards the peak of the Saint mountain. Next, they saw the kneeling Zhou Yuan, a head falling behind him as blood spurted into the sky from Wu Huang’s headless body...
“What a freak…” Mumbled Luluo.
“To think that he was able to do it…” Said Zhen Xu in a soft voice.
Zuoqiu Qingyu’s eyes shined. With a lovely laugh, she slyly said, “Looks like… this guy is a pretty good option too…”
Ning Zhan stared at Zhou Yuan’s figure with a solemn expression, “How formidable, I really want to… go at it with him!”
Blind Sword Li Chunjun lightly grasped his heavy sword in silence for a while, before he spoke, “Zhou Yuan, it seems that you will a better grindstone for my sword than Wu Huang in the future…”
Ye Ming coughed out some blood as he shook his head and smiled. “Heh heh, Wu Huang ah Wu Huang, I truly never expected that you will ultimately lose to him…”
Every gaze had converged onto the white jade plaza.
Where an exceptionally shocking scene was present.
Under the lingering rays of the sun, a figure kneeled on one knee, while a head fell, blood spraying into the sky...

