Chapter 202 Sacred Race
“Sacred race?”
As these two words echoed through the mist, space seemed to ripple faintly. There was no longer any noise to be heard from their surroundings, as if all things were being suppressed.
From the sight of patriarch Cang Xuan’s gloomy expression, Zhou Yuan could faintly feel the suffocating feeling from those two words. All of a sudden, he recalled the scenes he had seen in the underground palace of the Battle Puppet Sect in Black Water.
A long time ago, many powerful sects existed in the vast land of Black Water. Later on however, due to one of the so-called Sacred race's prided geniuses dying there, they sent down divine punishment, exterminating every last life form in Black Water...
Heartless and powerful.
This was the only impression Zhou Yuan had towards the Sacred race.
He had thought it would be a long time before he would encounter this entity again, but who could have expected that he would once again hear of it here...
Zhou Yuan could not help but ask, “What is the Sacred race?”
Yaoyao’s bright eyes also looked towards patriarch Cang Xuan. She had read many ancient texts, but was unable to find much information regarding the Sacred race.
Patriarch Cang Xuan looked towards the sky with a complicated expression, an expression mixed with sorrowful hatred and fear.
“At the beginning, before any living had come into existence, the first race to be born from the primal mass of creation was the Sacred race.”
Patriarch Cang Xuan slowly continued, “The Sacred race was endowed with superior talent, making them extremely powerful. In ancient times, they were the rulers of the world. Every other race, whether man, beast, or anything else were enslaved by them, living under their control.
“Later on, the various races rebelled, causing a great war to break out. Only through this were they able to free themselves from their slave shackles.”
“Even so, the Sacred race still act as if they are better than everyone else, making it forbidden to challenge or even insult them. Members of the Sacred race have extremely high status, and the other races do not dare to make enemies of them, allowing them to thread over the races as they please.”
"Only the inexhaustible human race was able to grow strong on their own and make a place for themselves in the world. From our tiny beginnings, we struggled and grew, countless honorable ancestors protecting each generation. By paying a tremendous price, the human race was able to carve a place for ourselves. Even so, we were still at a disadvantage.”
Patriarch Cang Xuan sighed softly. “Do you know what land we are currently on?"
“Cangxuan Heaven?” Answered Zhou Yuan.
Patriarch Cang Xuan then asked, "What about outside Cangxuan Heaven?"
Zhou Yuan was rather taken aback. Cangxuan Heaven was already vast beyond his view. As for outside Cangxuan Heaven, how would he know? His current level was far too low after all.
"To be precise, the world we're on is called Tianyuan World. It is composed of nine Heavens, and Cangxuan Heaven is one of them.
Zhou Yuan was wide-eyed and slack-jawed. Only now did he realise how tiny he was. The seemingly endless Cangxuan Heaven in his eyes was a mere one of nine...
Just how vast was the entire Tianyuan World?
"Of the nine Heavens, the Sacred race owns four, while the other five are shared by the various races."
Only now did Zhou Yuan truly understand how tyrannical the Sacred race was. To think that a single race would own nearly half of Tianyuan World.
"Then why is the Sacred race after me?" Yaoyao frowned slightly.
This was clearly the greatest mystery. The Sacred race relentlessly hunted her down, and even a Saint level expert like patriarch Cang Xuan had been willing to die in order to protect her.
Not to mention grandpa Hei who had also been protecting her all this time.
In response to this question, patriarch Cangxuan was silent for some time, before he said, “I cannot give you an answer because the implications are far too great. Both of you are still too weak, knowing too much will only allow you to be more easily found by the great powers of the Sacred race.”
He stared at Yaoyao and Zhou Yuan as he continued, “In the future, when both of you become truly strong, you will naturally find out.”
Yaoyao gently bit into her red lips in silence.
Patriarch Cang Xuan laughed and began to speak again, “Moreover, you were not the only reason why the Sacred race attacked me.”
“I was once the number one expert in Cangxuan Heaven after all, and founder of the Cangxuan Sect. Back then, my sect was the number one sect in Cangxuan Heaven.”
“Cangxuan Sect huh?” Zhou Yuan’s heart shook slightly. The bare-foot uncle he met in Saint Remains City seemed to be from the Cangxuan Sect.
He never imagined patriarch Cang Xuan would be the founder and teacher ancestor of the Cangxuan Sect.
Zhou Yuan suddenly asked, “Then what relation does Sacred Palace have to the Sacred race?”
The envoy of Sacred Palace had just come to mind.
In the current Cangxuan Heaven, Sacred Palace was the strongest.
Scorn appeared in patriarch Cangxuan’s eyes when he heard the two words Sacred palace as he sneered, “What else can they be but the Sacred race’s dogs. After the great war, the various races were freed from the Sacred race’ enslavement and set-up the Chaos Origin Sacred Killer Array, which restricted the entry of the apex level experts of the Sacred race into the five great Heavens. However, the Sacred race began to recruit members of the human race, creating a faction that served them, treated them as gods and did their bidding.”
“If not for Sacred Palace’s meddling, resulting in a vulnerability in the Chaos Origin Saint Killer Array that in turn allowed the apex level experts of the Sacred race to descend, I would have long wiped them off the face of this world!”
At this point, chilling killing intent rose in patriarch Cang Xuan’s eyes.
“Though you were part of the reason why the Sacred race attacked me, the other part is because they were after the Cangxuan Saint Stamp in my possession.”
“Cangxuan Saint Stamp?” Zhou Yuan blinked. What was it?
A solemn expression emerged on patriarch Cang Xuan’s face as he slowly explained, “When the world was formed and the nine Heavens took shape, nine objects were born from the source energy. They are known as the Nine World Stamps, and the Cangxuan Saint Stamp is one of them.”
“The owners of these Saint Stamps are the rulers of each of the Heavens. They are known as the Heaven Masters!”
“And I was the previous Heaven Master of Cangxuan Heaven!”
Patriarch Cangxuan smiled faintly as he declared this, a rarely seen pride together with a stern, dignified aura appearing on his youthful handsome face.
“Heaven Master…”
Zhou Yuan secretly wet his lips. What a domineering title. The master of a Heaven huh. Looks like patriarch Cangxuan was really damn amazing.
“Sacred Palace schemed to obtain the Cangxuan Saint Stamp to replace me and become the new Heaven Master of Cangxuan Heaven. Hence why they purposely drew over the apex level Sacred race experts.” Patriarch Cang Xuan’s eyes were ice-cold.
Zhou Yuan could not help but ask, “Then… did they succeed?”
Patriarch Cang Xuan chuckled. “Although they killed me and divided my Spirit into parts that were sealed, they underestimated me. The Cangxuan Saint Stamp was also split and scattered by me, so how could they have succeeded?”
Zhou Yuan breathed a tiny sigh of relief when he heard this. He had no good feelings towards Sacred Palace. What’s more, the Sacred Palace envoy had secretly tried to help Wu Huang kill him outside the Saint Remains Domain. Thus, he would naturally be opposed to seeing Sacred Palace flourish.
Patriarch Cang Xuan looked at Zhou Yuan and suddenly said, “Do you know the origins behind the Saint Rune you obtained?”
Zhou Yuan was stunned, seemingly realising something as his eyes widened. “Could it be?”
Patriarch Cang Xuan smile faintly and slowly nodded his head. However, his voice was akin to thunder when it landed in Zhou Yuan’s ears, causing him to be shocked into a daze.
“That’s right. The Saint Rune you obtained comes from the Cangxuan Saint Stamp!”

