Chapter 157 Haul
The battle between both parties ended unexpectedly quick. Before any of the onlookers could react, Xiao Tianxuan and Gu Ling had already disappeared, leaving only an exasperated cry in the mountains.
The crowd gradually returned to their senses, involuntary swallowing their saliva when they gazed upon the mess of a battlefield once again.
No one had expected that the junior city lord of Saint Remains City would actually flee...
He had the strength of the peak advance Heaven Gate stage, and only a handful of people amongst the Cangmang Continent’s younger generation surpassed him. Yet, he had been beaten by Zhou Yuan, a recently ascended initial Heaven Gate practitioner.
Moreover… Xiao Tianxuan had lost even after bringing out his little Heaven Genesis technique.
Gaze after gaze seemed to gradually change when they looked towards Zhou Yuan again. There was now a little less scrutiny and a little more respect.
Silence blanketed the mountains. Everyone knew that Zhou Yuan’s name would resound in the Saint Remains Domain after today’s battle.
Zhou Yuan paid no attention to their gazes. He merely made a beckoning motion with his hand and the dark gold Genesis Qi returned, bringing with it a Universe bag.
Zhou Yuan caught the bag, gently swinging it from side to side.
"He's really good at running." Zhou Yuan shook his head. He had still underestimated the tricks Xiao Tianxuan had up his sleeve. The latter was practically overflowing with treasures to preserve one's life and escape.
"Well, you won't be feeling too good either even if you escaped."
Zhou Yuan softly chuckled. At the final moment, he had sent two bundles of Dragon's Resentment Poison into Xiao Tianxuan's and Gu Ling's bodies. The poison will teach them what it's like to beg for death.
Zhou Yuan had personally experienced it for over a dozen years after all.
"Time to see what else mr junior city lord has." Dark gold Genesis Qi surged towards the Universe bag in Zhou Yuan's hand. A faint Genesis Rune appeared at the mouth of the bag, blocking the foreign power.
However, the resistance was not much of an obstruction to Zhou Yuan. After sending out a dozen waves of Genesis Qi, the Genesis Rune gradually dimmed, eventually shattering.
With a thought, Zhou Yuan's senses swept into the bag and took a good look at its contents.
The first items to appear was 8 gold crystal cards. These were Genesis crystal cards of the Heavenly Crystal Pavilion, and each gold one could be exchanged for a million Genesis crystals.
Eight gold Genesis crystal cards represented 8 million Genesis crystals.
"... what a wealthy little lord." The sight of these 8 gold crystal cards made the corners of Zhou Yuan's mouth twitch a little. Zhou Qing had only passed him 500,000 Genesis crystals when the former left the Great Zhou Empire. In comparison, there were 8 million Genesis crystals in Xiao Tianxuan's Universe bag.
An absolutely enormous sum of money.
"But 8 million should be his entire fortune." Zhou Yuan grinned. The loss of 8 million would definitely be akin to cutting one's flesh even for someone like Xiao Tianxuan.
"I should return Luluo her money when I meet her again."
Zhou Yuan continued to inspect the contents of the Universe bag. There were many useful and valuable things inside, including several rare Genesis Resources. This spoke volumes about Xiao Tianxuan's wealth.
"Eh, a lightning rod stone?"
A deep black stone suddenly appeared in Zhou Yuan's hand. The mottled stone was full of holes and seemed to faintly give off a gleam akin to lightning. Pleasant surprise flashed in his eyes when he saw it.
To learn the little Heaven Genesis technique, Great Wind and Thunder, Zhou Yuan needed to draw wind and lightning into his body during a thunderstorm to create a certain mark. Only then would the completed Great Wind and Thunder technique possess the power of wind and lightning, granting it destructive power.
The lightning rod stone could help Zhou Yuan smoothen the process of drawing lightning into his body, increasing the speed of mastering the technique.
"What a pleasant surprise." After going through the entire bag, Zhou Yuan felt rather regretful that there was no Scarlet Devil Wheel little Heaven Genesis technique inside. But it made sense, a little Heaven Genesis technique was a valuable treasure even to a powerful faction like Saint Remains City. Xiao Tianxuan could not possibly be allowed to easily take it with him.
Even so, the haul this time was pretty good.
Now that Zhou Yuan was done with the bag, his gaze turned towards the figures that were still in the vicinity as he said, "The battle is already over, what are all of you still doing here? Waiting to claim my bounty?"
He was naturally not going to be nice to those who had come for his bounty.
Upon hearing his words, the figures on the mountain laughed awkwardly. If it was before, they would have likely cursed and scolded. However, the current Zhou Yuan had beaten off even someone like Xiao Tianxuan. Such frightening battle power was something they naturally did not dare to offend.
Hence, the figures of the mountain retreated in a slightly dejected manner.
Zhou Yuan paid them no attention. He also prepared to leave the area and find an appropriate place to learn the Great Wind and Thunder technique.
At this moment however, he suddenly sensed something and lifted his head, gazing towards the untouchable Saint Tablet high up in the sky.
The table was currently shaking.
Practically every prided genius in the entire Saint Remains felt this disturbance. Heads were immediately raised, looks of astonishment soon arising on their faces.
Light began to converge in the tablet, and for the first time, ancient words slowly appeared.
It was a name. The first name that had appeared on the Saint Tablet.
The name was… Zhou Xiaoyao?
Zhou Xiaoyao, battled Wu Huang, Wu Huang retreated.
They were just eight simple words, but they caused tremendous waves in the Saint Remains Domain. Countless geniuses were flabbergasted as they stared at the tablet, completely shocked by the information that had appeared on it.
They naturally knew who Wu Huang was. He was one of those that stood at the apex of Cangmang Continent's younger generation, and one of the greatest contenders for the greatest gift of the Saint Remains Domain.
And yet, the tablet had declared that Wu Huang had been beaten into retreat?!
Who was Zhou Xiaoyao? How can he possess such terrifying strength?
Moreover, there were countless intense battles that had already occurred in the Saint Remains Domain, and even the fight between Zhou Yuan and Xiao Tianxuan had not been recorded by the Saint Tablet. While only this particular battle had been acknowledged by the tablet, what did this say?
This meant that battle had already reached the level where it could be acknowledged by the Saint Tablet. One could imagine how intense it was.
In the mountain forest, Zhou Yuan's eyes were wide open, mouth agape as he stared at the Saint Tablet. A long while later, he violently sucked in a breath of cool air.
Others may not know who Zhou Xiaoyao was, but how could he not? It was Yaoyao!
Yaoyao had actually encountered Wu Huang? And even exchanged blows with him? From the looks of it, Yaoyao seemed to have forced Wu Huang into withdrawing, meaning she had taken the advantage in their fight.
Zhou Yuan awkwardly scratched the back of his head as he recalled the words Yaoyao had said to him before entering the Saint Remains Domain.
If she met Wu Huang, she would teach him a lesson. Who could have imagined that she would really make those words a reality…
A warm feeling flowed in Zhou Yuan's heart. Yaoyao had such a nonchalant and uncaring character, the reason she purposely went to cause trouble for Wu Huang was very likely because of him.
"Even Yaoyao has left her name on the tablet, looks like I'll have to work harder... "
"From the looks of it, one will have to achieve a battle accomplishment on the level of the Alpha-Origin in order to leave one's name on the tablet…"
Numerous ideas swirled in Zhou Yuan's head. In the end, he ceased hesitating, his toes pushing off the ground as dark gold Genesis Qi surged out from beneath his feet, forming a dark gold cloud that brought him into the sky.
"I should first master the Great Wind and Thunder technique before meeting up with Yaoyao and the rest... "

