Chapter 125 Black Crystal Ball
Boom!
The ground trembled as Zhou Yuan swung his palm. One could only watch as a dark gold hand of light swept forth like a golden rainbow, domineeringly heavy as it headed straight for Gu Lang.
The golden rainbow pulsed like a giant dragon dragging a mountain with the desire of sundering the heavens.
Imposing and astonishing.
As the golden rainbow flew, long tears were ripped open on the ground in front of Zhou Yuan.
Dragon Tablet Hand, third level.
After nearly a year of training, Zhou Yuan was finally able to use the third level. Its power made him secretly in awe. The might of this strike had even exceeded the mid grade Black tier Genesis technique, Extreme Emperor Seal, reaching the high grade level.
It was likely that even mid Heaven Gate experts would have no choice but to avoid this strike.
Gu Lang ‘s expression had become colored in shock and fear, horror flitting across his eyes. He would never have imagined that the Qi Nourishing small fry would be able to pull off such an astonishing attack.
Gu Lang cut a sorry figure as he rapidly retreated in hopes of avoiding the attack. However, the golden rainbow stuck to him like a shadow, arriving right in front of him in a few breaths.
Unable to dodge, a resolute look flashed in Gu Lang’s eyes as all the Genesis Qi in his body erupted. Five fingers tightly clenched and a punch was sent blasting.
Boom!
The air in front of him cackled as it was blown away.
“Thousand Mountain Fist Seal!”
Berserk Genesis Qi gathered, transforming into a storm of raging power that smashed into the incoming golden rainbow.
Bang!
The aftershocks devastated the surroundings, fissuring the ground below them. Gu Lang’s body was sent flying as if he had been struck by a heavy blow, spitting out a mouthful of blood along the way.
However, a malicious look emerged on his face when he was sent flying. He rolled up his tongue and spit, shooting out a tiny speck of black light.
The speck of light pierced through the aftershocks of the attack like a flash of lightning and headed straight for Zhou Yuan’s forehead.
Gu Lang miserably crashed into the ground. His complexion was deathly pale and he felt as if all the organs in his body had been shifted, clearly badly injured by the overwhelming powerful hand of light.
However, although he had been seriously injured, Gu Lang let out an ominous chuckle as he looked in Zhou Yuan’s direction and said, “Kid, you’re still too green. You’ll definitely be dead after being hit by my Spirit Destroying Needle!”
The dust around Zhou Yuan gradually receded, but when his figure finally appeared, the smile on Gu Lang’s face turned rigid bit by bit.
A green scale had appeared between Zhou Yuan’s brows. The thin black needle was stuck on the scale, unable to advance any further.
Zhou Yuan reached out and removed the black needle, his eyes indifferent as he looked towards Gu Lang.
“How can it be?!” Gu Lang involuntarily cried out in fright. His previous sneak attack had been as swift as thunder, his timing practically perfect. How could it have been blocked by Zhou Yuan?
“You really are rotten all the way down to the core.” Zhou Yuan’s voice sounded.
A deathly pale Gu Lang scrambled back as he watched Zhou Yuan approach step by step, murder brimming within the latter. “If you kill me, the Gu clan will not let you off!”
A mocking smile hung from the corners of Zhou Yuan’s mouth. At this point in time, there was already no other paths for them and the Gu clan to take.
Gu Lang likewise seemed to understand this. He suddenly crawled up, slamming his hand into the ground as his figure rapidly retreated, hoping to take this opportunity to escape.
However, how could Zhou Yuan possibly give him the chance? The black needle was flicked from his fingertips, transforming into a flash of light that rapidly caught up to Gu Lang, piercing him through the back of his head.
The expression on Gu Lang’s face froze as his body crashed into the ground, life fading from his eyes. Only at this moment did he finally regret provoking the girl and guy duo in Precious Treasures Pavillion…
It seemed that the Qi Nourishing small fry was much more powerful than he had expected.
Zhou Yuan’s cold eyes watched the life fade from Gu Lang’s body. Who knew just how many people had been harmed by the Gu clan’s Spirit Devouring Tower. Retribution had finally caught up with them today.
He paid no further attention to Gu Lang’s corpse and headed towards the stone pedestal, his gaze falling upon the black crystal ball atop it.
Black fog rose from the ground and swirled around the crystal ball, as if endlessly pouring something into it.
Zhou Yuan observed it for a moment, before his pupils suddenly shrank. He had discovered that the thing flowing in was Spirit energy. Moreover, once the Spirit energy entered the black crystal ball, it would begin to be refined.
Gathered within the black crystal ball was the culmination of an outrageous amount of pure Spirit energy.
Zhou Yuan could not help but mutter to himself, “Just what is this crystal ball? To think that it can even absorb and refine Spirit energy.”
It was clearly due to the existence of this crystal ball that the Gu clan members had strong Spirits.
“Whatever it is, I’ll take it away first.”
Zhou Yuan grabbed the black crystal ball, removing it from the stone pedestal.
After the black crystal ball was removed, the stone pedestal began to shake as cracks gradually began to grow.
At the same time, the faint black mist inside the Spirit Devouring Tower slowly began to disappear.
...
Boom!
In a certain area within the Spirit Devouring Tower, an intense battle was still ongoing.
However, in the face of Tuntun’s and the ice bird’s fierce attacks, the two elders of the Gu clan were showing signs of weariness. The battle power of Genesis Beasts was after all pretty ferocious, let alone the fact that these two were no ordinary beasts.
The only saving grace was that they were receiving an endless amount of power inside the Spirit Devouring Tower. This was how they had been able to endure the offensive of the two beasts.
Yaoyao’s and Gu Qiu’s battlefield on the other hand was rather comical.
Yaoyao was unable to utilise Genesis Qi. Hence, she did battle in the most simple and crudest manner. One could only watch as scroll after scroll of grade 4 Genesis Rune appeared in her hand, before being thrown at her opponent.
As the one on the receiving end of Yaoyao’s ‘money’ bombardment, Gu Qiu’s situation was extremely miserable while unable to believe what was happening.
Grade 4 Genesis Runes. Although it was something their Gu clan had too, they were treated as high-end strategic treasures and the consumption of each one would greatly pain the heart.
Yet, the girl in green seemed to have an endless supply of Grade 4 Genesis Runes, a fortune even greater than the entirety of their Gu clan.
Though he was in quite a difficult situation due to Yaoyao’s onslaught of grade 4 Genesis Runes, he had been able to persist with the home ground advantage.
“Our power is inexhaustible in the Spirit Devouring Tower. Let’s see which runs out first, your Genesis Runes or my perseverance.” A grim expression clouded Gu Qiu’s eyes.
Just as this thought flashed across his head however, he suddenly realised that the black mist within the tower had begun to dissipate.
The entire tower began to tremble at this moment.
Those still immersed inside the black mist began to awaken one after another, dazed looks in their eyes.
“Darn it, the Spirit Refining Crystal has been removed!”
“Why didn’t Gu Lang protect it? Is he incapable of even dealing with a Qi Nourishing stage small fry?!” Gu Qiu’s complexion turned ashen.
Boom!
The two Gu clan elders were miserably flung backwards. Their expressions rapidly changed when they saw the receding black mist, causing them to involuntarily cry out, “How is this possible? How could that small fry have made it past Gu Lang?!”
Upon hearing their voices, Luluo’s eyes widened in shock. She had originally believed that Zhou Yuan would fail, and thus never imagined that he would actually succeed.
Luluo large eyes blinked as she mumbled to herself, “Little bro Zhou Yuan is pretty amazing huh.”

