Chapter 84 Tyrannical Dragon’s Resentment Poison
Zhou Yuan’s expression did not change much as he gazed at Qi Hao’s sinister smile. If the former had not opened his Qi Dwelling and advanced to the Qi Nourishing stage, it was likely that he would not be the latter’s match.
Unfortunately for Qi Hao, Zhou Yuan had formally stepped into the Qi Nourishing realm before entering the ruins, and even opened a blood colored Qi Dwelling.
“Relying on words alone, you are really deserving of your name Qi Ritian.” Zhou Yuan chuckled.
Qi Hao’s face turned black with rage, his eyes overflowing with killing intent as he angrily clenched his jaw. “Little piece of trash, just wait till I cut off your tongue when you fall into my hands later.”
“Your younger brother Qi Yue said the same thing, but he ended up having an arm taken away by me and now cowers in Qi Manor, too afraid to come out.” Zhou Yuan’s eyelids raised.
“Hahhaha.”
Qi Hao’s intense rage turned to laughter as the killing intent in his eyes surged to even greater heights. Without further ado, his five fingers clenched into a fist as Genesis Qi began gushing out from his body and covering him.
The Genesis Qi around Qi Hao had a golden hue and gave off a domineering and forceful aura. It was the strongest Genesis Qi of Qi manor, grade 4 Genesis Qi, Primal Metal Qi.
Although Qi Hao was rather loathsome, the strength he possessed was the real deal.
With the Primal Metal Qi, he would be considered top tier amongst those of the Qi Nourishing stage.
With a thought, Genesis Qi also began to gush out of Zhou Yuan’s Qi Dwelling and swirled around his body.
His Genesis Qi was translucent, but slivers of blood-red could be seen swimming within it.
On the ridges of the valley, gaze after gaze converged on the two individuals facing each other at the bottom. When they saw the two different Genesis Qi, whispers began to spread.
“That Qi Hao should be at the advance Qi Nourishing stage right? He’s even cultivated Qi Manor’s top tier Genesis Qi, the Primal Metal Qi. His battle power will definitely be very impressive.”
“Prince Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi… he hasn’t even learnt any Qi cultivation methods?”
“Truly akin to a young calf being unafraid of a tiger. However, it never ends up well when a calf challenges a tiger.”
“Heh heh, if prince Zhou Yuan dies here, the Great Zhou Empire is going to become very messy.”
“Messy is great. Only then will we from Blackwater have a better chance of plundering in the Great Zhou Empire.”
“......”
While they whispered, a mix between gloating and pity was present in their eyes as they looked towards Zhou Yuan’s figure. It was clear that they had already deemed him dead since he was facing a much stronger Qi Hao.
At the bottom of the valley, Qi Hao was stunned slightly when he saw the Genesis Qi surging from Zhou Yuan’s body before he sneered, “So you’ve already stepped into the Qi Nourishing stage, no wonder you dare to face me alone.”
Even if Zhou Yuan had advanced to the Qi Nourishing stage, he would merely be at the initial stage, while Qi Hao was already at the advance stage.
“Moreover, this Genesis Qi of yours... could it be that you have yet to even learn a Qi cultivation method?”
“Won’t you find out once you have a taste?” Zhou Yuan’s voice was emotionless.
“Bluffing won’t save you!” Qi Hao laughed chillingly. Iciness flashed in his eyes as he pushed off the ground with the tip of his foot. Cracks spread as his figure swiftly shot towards Zhou Yuan like a flash of golden light.
Qi Hao had made his move.
A sparkling gold silhouette rapidly expanded in Zhou Yuan’s eyes. However, the only response to Qi Hao’s ferocity was a faint glimmer in Zhou Yuan’s eyes. He did not chose to avoid the attack, his body remaining on the spot as the pulsations from Genesis Qi around him grew more and more violent.
“Fool, you’re courting death!”
Upon seeing Zhou Yuan’s lack of movement, a cold look flashed in Qi Hao’s eyes. He was an advance Qi Nourishing stage expert, and had even cultivated a grade 4 Genesis Qi, facts granting him practically complete superiority over Zhou Yuan. Hence, facing Qi Hao in a head-on clash was akin to courting death for Zhou Yuan.
Boom!
Qi Hao threw a punch, fist-winds rumbling like thunder as golden Genesis Qi shuddered, while the sound of metal clanging against metal seemed to echo. The punch screamed of unyielding forcefulness, and even a boulder would be shattered to dust by it.
Zhou Yuan took in a deep breath, iciness flitting across his eyes as his five fingers curled and a fist was thrown forward.
He wanted to test just how powerful his Dragon’s Resentment Poison laced Geness Qi was.
Bang!
The fists of both individuals collided as a shockwave swept outwards, blowing up the dust on the ground.
They were only locked in place for a few breaths, before Zhou Yuan’s body was jerked backwards, his soles stepping several times on the ground before managing to forcibly steady his body. However, the Qi and blood in his body continued to churn violently.
“Advance Qi Nourishing stage with grade 4 Genesis Qi is indeed formidable.”
Zhou Yuan’s five fingers unfurled, as pain faintly echoed throughout his arm, a sign that he had been hurt. It was obvious that he had somewhat underestimated Qi Hao’s power.
However…
Zhou Yuan raised his head and looked towards Qi Hao, who was a dozen steps away. The latter should not be feeling too good either because a wisp of blood in Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi had taken the opportunity to enter Qi Hao’s body in their earlier clash.
“Truly reckless.” Outside the valley, numerous people secretly shook their heads as they watched. An initial Qi Nourishing stage clashing directly with an advance Qi Nourishing stage, Zhou Yuan did not seem to know how the word death was written.
“But why has Qi Hao not pressed the advantage and continue attacking?” Someone suddenly asked in a puzzled voice. Qi Hao had not moved from the spot and showed no signs of chasing Zhou Yuan.
Someone else asked, “Could he have been injured in their earlier clash?”
Another person immediately snorted disdainfully, “How can that be. Qi Hao is at the advance Qi Nourishing stage and has even cultivated a grade 4 Genesis Qi. Zhou Yuan is already very lucky to have survived after one punch.”
While they discussed, at the bottom of the valley, Qi Hao’s body faintly trembled as golden light and a blood-red hue continuously interchanged on his face.
A dozen breaths later, his body violently jerked as he spit out a mouthful of blood.
Urgh!
The blood landed on the ground and began to corrode it.
*Uproar*!
His actions naturally landed in the eyes of the numerous observing parties, causing them to burst out into an uproar. Everyone was stupefied by this scene.
It was supposed to have been completely one-sided, so why had Qi Hao suddenly vomited a mouthful of blood?!
What exactly was going on?
Qi Hao’s expression was stormy as he wiped off the blood at the corner of his mouth. He looked towards Zhou Yuan and bellowed through gritted teeth. “There’s poison in your Genesis Qi?!”
Moreover, a poison so tyrannical that it made his heart shiver in fear. Both of them had only been in contact for a very brief moment earlier and Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi had indeed been forcefully dispersed by Qi Hao, but at the same moment that Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi was dispersed, a sliver of strange blood-red poison Qi had invaded Qi Hao’s body.
The blood-red poison Qi had immediately begun to manically devour his essence blood, scaring Qi Hao silly as he frantically tried to suppress it and was eventually able to expel the poison Qi from his body.
Zhou Yuan’s eyes brightened a little when he saw the now somewhat disorderly state of Qi Hao’s Genesis Qi. It seemed that the Dragon’s Resentment Poison within his Genesis Qi was much more domineering than expected.
Only a wisp had been able to invade earlier, if there was a little more, Qi Hao would probably have been killed off by the Dragon’s Resentment Poison without additional help from Zhou Yuan.
“Don’t you enjoy a good head-on clash? Come on, let’s have another go.” Zhou Yuan grinned.
Fear flashed in Qi Hao’s eyes. Zhou Yuan’s Genesis Qi was no threat to the former, but the wisps of dreadful poison Qi within were extremely frightening.
Qi Hao took in a deep breath, suppressing the oppressed feeling in his heart. With a grasp, a golden long spear appeared in his hand. It glowed brightly and was evidently a high tier Genesis Weapon.
It was obvious that he no longer dared to clash directly against Zhou Yuan with his body, so as to safeguard against being invaded by that terrifying poison Qi.
Golden long spear in hand, Qi Hao’s eyes turned cold and serious as he slowly pointed the tip of the spear at Zhou Yuan.
Upon seeing that Qi Hao had become cautious, a grave expression gradually surfaced on Zhou Yuan’s face. He knew that a terrible battle was unavoidable if he wanted to obtain the Fire Spirit Grain today.
Since that was so, let us see exactly who will kill who!

