Chapter 542 Collecting the Dragon Saliva True Water
Plop plop plop!
On the ten thousand foot aquatic beast’s enormous body, the dark yellow Dragon Saliva True Water continuously melted and flowed downwards, revealing its original crystal-clear skin.
In the sky, all the Chosens paused at this moment as they gazed at this scene in shock.
The Dragon Saliva True Water had really been neutralized!
“Zhou Yuan actually did it?” The Chosens stared hard at the water, clearly unable to imagine how Zhou Yuan had managed to achieve this feat.
They had after all personally experienced the invincibility of the Dragon Saliva True Water.
However, the thing that even the likes of them had been powerless again, had been so easily neutralized by Zhou Yuan?
Zhao Zhu’s expression fluctuated indeterminately, as his face flushed with heat. He had previously doubted Zhou Yuan, only for reality to slap him in the cheek a few moments later.
Zhao Zhu could not help but mumble, “How is this possible…”
By his side, Kong Sheng inhaled deeply and slowly said, “It seems that he has some kind of method that specializes in dealing with the Dragon Saliva True Water.”
This was the only answer he could come up with that explained how Zhou Yuan had so easily neutralized the Dragon Savila True Water, because it was absolutely impossible for the latter to have brute forced it given his strength.
Zhao Zhu pursed his lips. It was already not important how Zhou Yuan had done it. What pained the former was that they had to give twenty percent of the Genesis essence to Zhou Yuan if they managed to slay the creature.
Even his and Kong Sheng’s shares added together wouldn’t reach such an amount.
This made Zhao Zhu quite indignant.
While these thoughts and feelings were churning inside Zhao Zhu, the countless disciples from the seven peaks burst out into cheers upon seeing the changes that were happening to the ten thousand foot aquatic beast.
Although they were not part of the battle, they could sense how helpless the Chosens were with regards to the layer of dark yellow that covered the ten thousand foot aquatic beast. With the water layer suddenly being broken, anyone could tell that it was likely the handiwork of Zhou Yuan, who had recently joined the battle.
This made numerous disciples even more bewildered.
After all, Zhou Yuan had done what all the Chosens together could not...
“Chief disciple Zhou Yuan is indeed very capable.”
“No wonder even Baili Che lost to him, he’s pretty darn amazing.”
“We really have to thank him for neutralizing that dark yellow layer. The Chosens should now be able to deal with the ten thousand foot aquatic beast, which would be a joyous occasion for all of us.”
“Looks like all of us owe chief disciple Zhou Yuan a debt of gratitude.”
“……”
The disciples of the various peaks sighed in admiration, practically worshipping Zhou Yuan for a time. After all, dealing with the ten thousand foot aquatic beast would benefit all the disciples.
In the face of such praise for Zhou Yuan, the Sword Cometh Peak disciples no longer dared to mock him. They could only silently swallow the words into their stomach, because they knew that they would only incur the wrath of the crowd if they tried to slander Zhou Yuan again.
In the sky, the Chosens returned to their senses.
Li Qingchan glanced at the sea in amazement, before she said in a commanding voice, “Zhou Yuan has accomplished his mission, it’s now time for us to do our part.
The other Chosens nodded in acknowledgement, even Kong Sheng and Zhao Zhu’s icy gazes locking onto the ten thousand foot aquatic beast. Since Zhou Yuan had neutralized the Dragon Saliva True Water, the disciples would truly be disappointed if they failed to slay the beast.
It was after all hard to justify if the Chosens performed worse than a chief disciple.
Boom!
In the next instant, powerful Genesis Qi erupted once again from the Chosens bodies, sweeping across the area like a storm.
Roar!
The ten thousand foot aquatic beast released an angry roar, as its giant foot slammed into the sea, seemingly wanting to crush the ant that had neutralized its Dragon Saliva True Water.
However, before it could turn its focus towards the sea, the boundless of the attacks of the Chosens had already arrived, pouring onto its giant body.
Bang! Bang!
Berserk Genesis Qi explosions continuously blossomed on the ten thousand foot aquatic beast’s body like fireworks, every attack compact with deadly energies.
After losing the protection of the Dragon Saliva True Water, the ten thousand foot aquatic beast could no longer be as ferocious as before. Every explosion of Genesis Qi elicited a furious roar from it, as ripples rapidly spread across its crystal-like body.
Its six arms danced, weaving the surrounding Genesis Qi in an attempt to defend against the attacks.
However, it was of little use. The Chosens had been under heavy pressure earlier, and were currently full of pent up frustration. Now that the Dragon Saliva True Water was gone, they were fully intent on dishing out their most ferocious onslaught.
It had to be said that those who could become Chosens in the Cangxuan Sect were no ordinary individuals. When they seriously worked together, the ten thousand foot aquatic beast slowly but surely fell into a disadvantageous position.
Rumble! Boom!
High tier Genesis techniques were let loose from the hands of the Chosens one after another, with no lack of mid grade Heaven tier Genesis techniques amongst them. When used by the Chosens, the power of these techniques were clearly much greater than Zhou Yuan or Baili Che due to the difference in Genesis Qi foundations.
The stronger one’s foundations, the more powerful one’s techniques would become.
Without the Dragon Saliva True Water to counter them, the true might of the Chosens was finally revealed.
The battle on the surface of the sea was sky-shaking, the entire sea turning into a churning mess due to their power.
There was no stopping both sides at this juncture.
While they engaged in fierce battle, Zhou Yuan had perfectly concealed himself in the sea with the Ethereal Form technique, leisurely nodding as his gaze pierced through the water to observe the crazy fight above.
“Not bad, it’s pretty intense.”
He gave his evaluation with a smile. It had been surprisingly easy to collect this twenty percent share, but what could he do about it. It was not like anyone else could deal with the Dragon Saliva True Water. Hence, he only needed to continue hiding here, as he watched the Chosens give their all in battle.
“Oh?”
While Zhou Yuan was getting quite absorbed into the fight, his gaze suddenly shifted. He had seen tiny specks of dark yellow light flickering in the water around him.
With a thought, Spirit power spread and gathered up a few of the dark yellow specks.
A drop of dark yellow liquid silently floated inside an invisible cage made from Spirit power, as a faint roar of a dragon echoed.
“This is…”
Zhou Yuan fell silent as he stared at the dark yellow liquid. A long while later, a dazzling light suddenly shot out from his eyes.
This familiar looking dark yellow liquid was the Dragon Saliva True Water he had neutralized earlier!
It had evidently fallen into the water after melting off the aquatic beast, but had yet to dissipate.
Zhou Yuan could not stop himself from licking his lips. In the next instant, his body had already dashed forward like a bolt of thunder, as Spirit power swiftly spread outwards.
Speck after speck of dark yellow light began to gather from all directions, ultimately converging above Zhou Yuan’s palm.
In a short span of a few minutes, Zhou Yuan had collected all the nearby dark yellow specks. He excitedly looked at his palm, where a head-sized dark yellow liquid ball currently hovered.
Wondrous undulations spread from the ball, as the silhouette of a dragon seemed to swim within it.
Although this Dragon Saliva True Water was not as concentrated as it had been earlier on the ten thousand foot aquatic beast, it was already more than enough for Zhou Yuan. After all, his body was not as humongous as the former.
“What a treasure…” Zhou Yuan’s eyes burned with desire. The fact that even Chosens had been unable to break through it earlier was more than enough proof of its amazing defensive capabilities. Although the Dragon Saliva True Water in Zhou Yuan’s hand could not compare to the ten thousand foot aquatic beast, if used properly, it would surely become an extremely formidable protective treasure, that could achieve miraculous results if used at an opportune moment.
Zhou Yuan retrieved a bottle and poured the Dragon Saliva True Water in with his Spirit power, before keeping it.
He clapped his hands in satisfaction, clearly not expecting to obtain such a haul while hiding in the sea...
“Looks like good people are rewarded after all.” Zhou Yuan sighed deeply.
If the Chosens knew that Zhou Yuan was happily collecting Dragon Saliva True Water under the surface while they were risking their lives above, they would probably go on strike.
Half an incense stick of time had already passed by the time Zhou Yuan was done collecting the Dragon Saliva True Water. He raised his head to look, and found that the earth-shaking battle was slowly coming to a conclusion.

